A simple vim bundle for working with gyp files.
test repo
Some exercise and sample
practice
testing a submotdule
A very simple Rails 3 sample app using my fork of the Paths of Glory achievement system gem.

The example files for Building Android Apps with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Code used on blog.afistfulofservers.net
SearchPhp - Pimcore Website Search (fork of official Pimcore plugin http://www.pimcore.org/resources/extensions/detail/SearchPhp)
This library is a lua client for SC-Server. It is a simple client that implements most of the interface of SC-Server.
My home directory dotfiles, bin files, etc.
A HTML Remote for Kathrein UFS Receiver

The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
A small, lightweight twitter client
The project consists in an Android application that can be used by employees in a restaurant to handle the clients, their orders and can help them easily find free tables or place orders. This is only a demo application, created mainly for proof of proper
personal website
Script to convert Logs from Amazon S3 to CLF

A port of my hlbsp project (rendering BSP v30 files from Halflife and it's mods (expecially CS 1.6)) to JS and WebGL (It's currently a project for school)
for ios app
Github mirror of "operations/debs/python-phabricator" - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing
Wordpress theme for S2A website
A collection of practice exams for exams in core curriculum CS courses at RIT.
Clans/Teams Plugin for Minecraft Bukkit Servers, NOTE: This project has now been split into 2 projects, TeamCraft(basic team structures and commands) https://github.com/Satrosity/TeamCraft and KingdomCraft (addon to TeamCraft, will have area commands, sco
Only for testing purpose
[deprecated] can be replace with v2 of i18next
A collection of Python scripts to create and manipulate multiple Reddit accounts.
Documentation of the Guild Wars 2 Archive file (gw2.dat)
My codes for SICP
A british set of libraries + widgets for dealing with colour
Clean Yeti Basic WordPress Theme
A simple updater application for .Net applications that is a good alternative to ClickOnce
Documentation bundled with KISS IDE
Collection of salt state files for use and testing
GNOME 3 extension to create a new application instance with the wheel button.
NOTE: maya2renderer is moved to https://github.com/maya2renderer/maya2renderer
Example of a scalable robotframework test suite, following the example at http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/tools-and-tips/get-test-infected-with-selenium-2/ but using RobotFramework
A cookbook that provide recipes to set printers to node
Implementation of the HM Algorithm W as a learning exercise
Outlet is a simple Lisp-like programming language
my presentations as html slides
A small javascript bookmarklet to replace video.xin.msn.com's Flash Player with the HTML5 <video /> tag
Bombolone is a tasty Content Management System for Python based on Flask, MongoDB, AngularJS, Sass and Bootstrap. It's designed to be a simple, flexible toolset for projects of any size.
Kohana 3.2 basic CRUD / scaffold

This is a test to work on repo configurations
Small helper script for exporting MySQL databases.
My implementation of the Gilded Kata. 
An adoption of my e4 contacts demo for GWT, using the GWT MVP architecture with activities, places, event bus, etc.
USE THE UPSTREAM GIT REPO INSTEAD http://root.cern.ch/git/root.git or here https://github.com/root-mirror/root. Mirror of CERN's ROOT svn repository, updates are run hourly. master branch is svn trunk. Branch branches/dev is suppossed to be a set of branc
Fork of pyftpdlib that adds unicode support to the py2.x branch

List files in directories of S3-hosted websites
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
my vim config files

Project for for learning github 
Some OBD code for Python. Old and crappy, but putting it here in case I need it again.
A basic "facebook-like" standalone wall (posts, comments, like/unlike) with php/pdo/ldap, html, css and javascript/jquery
Todoist.com backup
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
My attempts at solving Project Euler problems
On-the-fly documentation
Example of a bug in SpecFlow
Personal Website
collection of scripts for personal use!
A simple Flickr photo search built using Angular


KSP Interstellar Near Future Integration which is a Fork of Boris-Barboris/KSPInterstellar

(Temporary) Maven Repository

Nim Bindings for Simple and Fast Multimedia Library (through CSFML)
My notes on learning PHP in Chinese.

Personal website / blog / notes.
My personal website with blog

My Custom Intellij Plugins
A small Java program that converts an integer to its corresponding word.


A basic game theory strategy for Settlers of Catan.


Old repo for my personal portfolio site. No longer updated.

First repository
testing
The code for my personal website- www.vineetk.com
a simple to-do-list using jquery
Simple JS, HTML, CSS, PHP and mySQL
(FINISHED) :computer: My first NW.js app. Just for test (I was bored and anxious of learning something new)

Perl5 module for managing clusters
example


Repository for playing around with code from The Haskell Road to Logic Math and Programming
I wrote my resume in LaTeX based on the one by Alessandro Plasmati <https://www.sharelatex.com/templates/cv-or-resume/professional-cv>.


A collection of "Coming Soon" templates
A simple cude 3D game on Android.
Swift Conventions and Style Guide

Small Ruby File That Returns Product of User Input While Ignoring Strings and 0s 



Base WordPress Theme
PHP projects
This is a project created to make web development more simple, I think there are a lot of duplication in web development. If we can abstract the common part as module and next time with some providing configuration file like(XML, YAML etc), we can generat
A simple wrapper for localconfig that allows for reading config from a remote server
first git
A zelda clone in c# console.
Demo Wordpress 
edward first rails app

This's my first repo on GITHUB

These are my bash and zsh profile files.


A repo where I learn, play and experiment new things. Currently: Git and Jasmine and MarionetteJS.
Just a project following a rails tutorial...
Tutorial Ruby on Rails Application

personal website
Arch package repository


Some simple play arounds with camel components

Practicing Haskell implementation of Kaleidoscope LLVM tutorial


/* I decided to start this new year, playing with Java. I will use this class later for a clock component */

Lagunamental blog

linux thread learning and practice project
This is my first responsitory.
My Resume/Portfolio
some exercises from .js roadtrip on Code School
Simple Payroll system implemented using Ruby on Rails

I am reading "Python for Informatics: Exploring Information"

A working example of using the Facebook iOS and Facebook Android Components with Xamarin Forms
:floppy_disk: List of coding resources. 
Just my dotfiles
Too young. Too simple. Sometimes naive. A SQL DBMS as a course project.

A simple notebook with 1 page 


vapecoin VPC https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=911357
Manny's Magical Master Manager is an aid to manage the small details of DMing for you, so you can focus on the real work. Currently available as a text-based interface, a GUI is planned eventually.

My fairly broken test repo written for a frankensteined xcode-theos weapon of mass destruction

Tutorial for Django List
A small Java program that enables you to open a window on your default browser.
Repository with my android practices
A project I'm gonna do just for fun.


A base starting framework for most projects
Testing Git workflow

A basic implementation of common pathfinding algorithms

A repository to test the development of responsive navbars
Basic web app using the MEAN stack



CO318 network programming 2 course 2nd group project ( with Kanchana Gamage )


development work 

A collection of Utils that i use in my plugins





Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015.

sample repo

Puppet manifest for setting up new machines
Coursera online course - R Programming
This class can be used to check the validaty of Swedish Person number.


I want to create a small billing system for restaurants as a mini project 

The code project done for the LinkAcademy Java course assigments


This is a simple vbscript App for text to voice conversion
Basic Space Invaders clone written in Love2D 


Sample Repository created to learn Git
Java source following The Cherno's Game Programming tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFYT7Lqt1h8&list=PLlrATfBNZ98eOOCk2fOFg7Qg5yoQfFAdf
This is my first test repo in GIT
Learning to crate a repository in github


Personal website and portfolio
AdKiT Basic Version for web development
A simple counter app written in Swift

First Lesson
Test project to show the problem described in http://stackoverflow.com/questions/27721621/java-lang-verifyerror-with-mockito-1-10-17
This is an assignment for Calgary University GSWL
docker repo

RoR Tutorial 3






A simple repository to play with git and update how to manage things better.
Some code to start learning new functionality in Java 8
happy school days
Simple web application like twitter
Final Project Wireless Systems and Networks course
Testing

Simple jQuery onType Event
Sample App for demonstrating memory leaks in AngularJS
A simple implementation of the 'Lights Out' game in Elm
Beginner codebase for me to write small, grid-based java games.




Lightweight - simple PHP lib to handle multi-threading

Homework for Node Course
A C# Portable class library to access Hue devices.
First repository based on tutorial guide
Netwrok Course Lab1
Simple Hangman Game (Used for Training Courses)
Udacity Git/GitHub training course reflections
clone of https://code.google.com/p/webiopi
A collection of my programming projects - 
Duke's personal page

Fork from https://github.com/rstacruz/nprogress.git


test
Multilingual version of qooxdoo
my dotfiles
simple cms using active admin
Personal programs to control robot with Arlo hardware.
A simple server-sided RSS reader for Rails


this is a github test repo
practice and learn the Django python web framework
Awesome Space Storage Inventory Management
Move your body is a kinect game when kinect sdk haven't appeared and used openni
A python version of simple implementation of matlab. Used for familiarizing with pylab.
Octopress source for my blog.  Blog sources in separate branch.
Some Python scripts I wrote to learn Python.

test for clone
Simple server & client applications in Ruby.
This is a parent project as a library. It's a summary of my Android development experience. It concludes lots of tool classes, such as some classes about SharedPreference, IO, Download, Network and so on. Of course, some custom widgets, like RoundedImageV
My Vim Settings

Just another Repository



A simple blackjack game


first app on Github
Demo TODO app to test mithril

Example of RestKit use from ReyWenderlich web site.
My first git program
rails test, just for fun


Just testing
My First Repository
A collection of Docker base images
The Ambta MVCEngine is an engine that lets developers build Model, View, Control applications in PHP. The engine is compact and only provides the basic rendering. It is scalable, flexible and easy to use.
Example 3D Scene using OpenGL3
The VDBA documentation.
Small tweaks in Wordpress as mu-plugins


A spelling based Educational Game
Simple php page for booking-processes.
first git repor test
The demo app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
This is my First repository made for experimental purposes only


Nuevo Repo
Collection of Objective C helpers
My testing repository
Android learning project, trying to create example catalog

Uyghur Language Processing Guide for Developers
Tutorial Lazy loading test in PHPUnit using ReflectionClass
Reddit clone in ruby. WIP
This is mu first sample test repository

Basic animation of background images when scrolling vertically down a page



docker repo
This repo is used to extract web content
My first steps with fully isomorphic SPA app in React.

A little test mod for minecraft. My first.
Target for 2015
java
Rails Demo App on ETSY During Training

a config file and skin for atom.io

my first github repository

REST Javascript Example App for OpenAM
Puppet config for crobot on arch linux


An app developed during the training sessions on Ruby on Rails 
The .gitignore file we use for our Android projects created with Android Studio.
These are two badly written Arduino source code files for my own personal use. One will be reading information from a joystick and transmitting that information by radio (eventually, for now it's just over a wire) to another arduino board which will parse

A first try to a HTML helper for simple tables
php learning project
Simple time measurement and collection utilities in scala


ruby on rails installation- Two steps for Installation of Rvm + Ruby + Rails + Git + Sublime +MySQL + PostgreSQL on Linux.
a school project
http://juntao.gitbooks.io/3-web-designs-in-3-weeks/ by juntao
A collection of algorithms and functions written for PHP

Small Minecraft mod to disable vanilla Minecraft ore generation
This is a test repo.

exam project
getting started with github
testing fuelphp
Some drawings for CNC machine I used to enhance my house

ift215-project joseph chlela
flask demo

Hey my first repository! I finally understood what repository means ;P
Notes about learning ROS (Robot Operating System)

check how things work in github
dotfiles

Custom program in Go lang
This is a demo
My First game, written with Love2D
This is my first GIT repo as I try to get more into version control
Game where you can build your ship down to small details.
My first repository on GitHub
test code




bash and python scripts
Scrivere file di Logs


A small 10 mintue text adventure crafted in python
my bashrc that I use on my mac


Arch centric dotfiles.

A quick start code & guide for using Spring Boot and build a simple REST API from ground up in few minutes
PINKBindView provide a simple way to use tableView and collectionView.

MySQL project from CS class
A collection of themes for Tumblr
Via a sensor,you can test how fast your heat beats,then this app can analyse if you are going to be angry.If you are,there will be a worning.
test sample of pluralsight intro to node.js
My dotfiles

Hello Github



test 
the first github project
A simple and specific script I wrote that looks at an input text file for Names and Email addresses and builds an output text file using tab delimited columns for Firstname Surname and Email Address fields.


practice


Hello World Tutorial


photo's organizer and backup
First game created using Unity

Website Repo



This is a demo app to play with Travis CI

2015 Kidozen demo of a vendors CRM application
Simple console aplication in javascript to create youtube song playlist based on csv file with artist and songs


[WIP] ORM built around the unit of work pattern and a bring-your-own-persistence philosophy.
Copy of PHP-SRC updated with a fix for read/write timeouts on openssl extension. Branches exist for the latest stable release of 5.5.20 and 5.6.4   I can add additional branches if requested. NOTE: These changes have been merged into the current 5.5, 5.6,
A simple catchy layout for your online resume
AngularJS Testing Application
A Project for learning Programming in any language and script, your mothertongue.


BurJS is a small and easy to use framework for building client side applications and lets you bind all your favorite libraries together.
a simple application which improves the process of learning e.g. words or dates by heart
Personal coding projects I have done.
Working directory of  Physics bachelor students of the University of  Amsterdam following an Astronomy-Astrophysics workshop




Example Exercise Project
This is a repo of my engineer's thesis. All rights belong to Lodz University of Technology. 




This template will help members familiar with the environment.
backup timeline
Adjusted members plugin

For learning github
This repository contains a java program which read pdf file with tesseract ocr and add the recognized text to the pdf in order to get a searchable pdf file.
Source code for my old personal portfolio website

basic web theme for my profile and noBlackMagic.com
dummy repository

Simple JAX-WS and Spring4 integration example with Maven


Fork of JMDodd's Unified Comment Notifications
Following the Angular/Satellizer/Node/Mongo tutorial on hackhands: https://hackhands.com/building-instagram-clone-angularjs-satellizer-nodejs-mongodb/
This is the book written by Matthew Russell

Sample app from Michael Hartl's Ruby On Rails Tutorial
TinyXML fork



A bootable text based challenger version .
Simple & lightweight javascript timer



Just another repository

Create simple node-webkit desktop applications without hassle. It isn't intented to replace big user interface frameworks but to make easier and quicker the creation process of small consistent cross-platform apps.
My dotfiles

Demo site for ripienaar/travlrmap

This is sacred secret private stuff. I would be honored if you ask first or at least notify me.
My first attempt at a website. Starting from scratch html

An implementation of Jingle, the XMPP p2p and multimedia protocol, built on top of WebRTC, originally hosted at https://code.google.com/p/libjingle/ and https://code.google.com/p/webrtc/. 
thory practice
Commercial Development in South Shore
Compilation of school programming projects from 2014 onwards

whyyyy is learning git so hard lol



A small guide to help those looking to hire a developer or designer for iOS work. While tailored for iOS, many questions could be used for Android developers or designers as well. A great self-test if you're looking to keep current or practice for your ow
C++ Tutorial
Docker files for my blog on VPS

My OSX and Ubuntu configs for vim, tmux, etc.
this is the first time using github
Example for the meteor-highstock package
Custom Wordpress theme development for flyrbord.com

Very simple example to show how you could define a intercepting classloader to get notifications on what classes have been loaded.
tinyxpath fork
This is for testing purpose



Source for my Blockheads Inventory Hack

This is my first GitHub repository.




exercise project #1 for iOS7 course


I want my tablet to do a nice auto-scroll for reading.

Communication example, 1 PI <-> 1 Arduino. Two sensors and time sync. Also .py MySQL insert example

My Apigee 127 sample with Usergrid (mBaaS) API
Ruby on Rails Tutorial
setting vpn and secure mail
It'll include test about Android development
Survey questions for students in Software Engineering courses to help assign them to teams, by determining what skills they bring to the course.
udacity course HTML/CSS

Base php-mysql-json framework for avoiding CMS in small projects
Java port of an old Amiga Basic program I typed in back in the 80's
My github tutorial

This is Just a experimental Repository



Thiis Repository has useless codes.It's just a uni. project.
Test repository

My Vim configuration

karma clone
A small webapp which zips and returns your multiple file.
My personal webpage.

All the mini projects finished during the course "Data Communication And Networks" (Spring 2013)
My first game, made with SDL2, EntityX and C++11
For Practice


Android ListView app example w/ section headers and random count of subitems in sections
This is the code I used to make my avatar. 
A simple digital clock made with HTML, CSS and JS.

all CSE assignments completed
just a repository
Super-Simple jQuery plugin which finds the tallest child in a given container and sets its height on all the other children. 
It's my personal portfolio site for GitHub
Floppy Bird, a sound-activated clone of Flappy Bird
Super-Simple jQuery plugin which finds the tallest child in a given container and sets its height on all the other children. 

Just a global instance for Node.js EventEmitter

Notes on SF2: Hyper Fighting to potentially work on cps2
first ruby app
testing out the GitHub pages https://phlorianakos.github.io/hello_world
Test project as an introduction to C++ STL

A console based program that serves as a private journal.
This package is deprecated in favor of https://github.com/astronomerio/meteor-astronomer

DEPRECATED! USE MDCSS INSTEAD! PHP Styleguide.

Code for the current 2015 Team 2836 Robot



SoftUni SPA with AngularJS Course Project
Simple 3.3V power source for Raspberry Pi pheripherials. Power source can be switched on/off using one of Raspberry Pi GPIOs
Material to be distributed for AMath 574, Winter Quarter 2015 at the University of Washington


Dot files!

Website for the course

A curated list of awesome Deep Learning projects tutorials and communities.
Learning the basics of C
Dashboard for small private servers
Simple jruby rack model
Create and send a simple text message
SHP file of parcels with situs address attached provided via public records request by local government in Lassen County California



Projet de stage 2014-2015 (Node.js)
Notes and testing from Udacity's How to Use Git and GitHub class


emacs 23 config
A simple extension to display status of document



Simple ruby script to query OMDB and add years to movie filenames.
A Team Fortress 2 territory control map.
You can report people for any reason you desire!
Node.js server for REST api to control my home automation project
Code + Tutorials on computer science related topics. Hobby while in school studying CS, but may be informative to some...
A basic repository for playing with git
personal web site
Just another repository
George Mason Speaker's Page
companion repos for my lyndia.com course


Exercise files repo for the JavaScript from Scratch course on PluralSight 
Tidy datasets created from the Government of Canada's Open Data portal.

simple event-based irc client library for node
My dotfiles
A very simple script that adds CR to hunks in a diff, so it can be applied using patch to files with CRLF line terminators 

Sample DebugDiag analysis rules - C# and Xaml

Angular directive that allows to navigate between views without adding js code. It just injects a dynamic route to the $routeProvider ng-route module.
Simple todo app made with angular on local storage.
Create a list of Software Engineering topics so that I can divide them among the 4 SE courses that we teach in our Software Development concentration.
A very small and quick jQuery Demo for learning purposes. 
LiteElite - My pseudo programming language from 2013 (Not supported)
Personal blog.
Christmas card created for my wife for Christmas of 2014.  It contains a little game when you click on the panda button at the end of the card.
Repo for Calvin College 2015 Interim course "Learning from Data"
Practice code in java and javascript
A simple rabbit-mq library for doing request/response interaction
Project Files 
Simple Input database


A catalog of the books available in the unofficial library at my university that I started.
Clone of the C++ bank app in C#
Winter 2015 session of ART341 at Portland State University

primo repository

site

Friendly fork of the GeneralUser GS soundfont. (FluidSynth version)
numerical methods for PDEs final project, Columbia University, fall 2014
Basic system for managing student records
collecting game art for projects


Off-season testing was done on one of our spare drivetrains from the 2014 season. New classes to generate polynomials and bezier curves for the robot to follow were created. Testing of the Command Based Template worked out well. We will switch to that for
A small example of getting erlport to connect Python and Elixir

A Gulp/LESS toolchain for Skeleton: A Dead Simple, Responsive Boilerplate for Mobile-Friendly Development

Yet another very old project that I want to save from hit.bg 



Odoo8 Source
My first test repository

AutoHotkey libraries for my projects


A POM with some common settings for Basis Technology open source components
My blog posts published in www.javiersoto.me

Cultural Heritage Wiki Test


This contains my Internet Draft template, Makefile, etc. It is the base of my drafts.
My first repository on GitHub
Basic HTML using PHP test for Heroku

A simple, ad-free, Material Design inspired flashlight application for Andorid devices.
I think this is required to make my public page.





Collection of personal config scripts for development

My personal website. Built with node.js, express.js, and bootstrap. Live at kazarin.me
A simple example of how one can plot the Lorenz Attractor in Swift on OS X. Not fast and most probably not idiomatic.
An assignment from the first C++ course in the major. It's a linked list based file-comparison tool. See readme for more details.
My vim setup
testing git 

A collection of CS/Software Engineering Projects created
Interesting Code samples in node.js
BYU ECEn 360 Electromagnetics - Winter 2015

frontend-nanodegree-resume
Tired of just converting between ogrs? Try converting ogres to humans and humans to ogres!
Common R packages I like


The Game
Repository for all the projects made by Project G

Nothing to see here.... just playing around learning node.js, MySQL and Cloud9 IDE
Simple particle engine written in order to learn Cinder
Simple Protocol Server for Windows
NPM module with code not compliant with strict mode. For tests.
Open Web Testing Project

BlackJack Game as final project in Intro to Ruby, Lesson 1
Doing the How to use a content provider Udacity class: https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud258/
Practice Repo for Scala


A Simple Configuration File Parser in C++11
FRC Team 4911's code from the 2014 game Aerial Assist - Go to CompetitonRobot/src/org/usfirst/frc4911/CompetitionRobot for .java files

My Little Resume


My personal config for the Friendly Interactive Shell
Tests, schemas, and documentation for the Flow Base Programming Network Protocol
Test repository
Learning Python
Test for CI
A list of mantras of technology companies
learning using GitHub.

Simon's Stamp Collection App -- helps us learn GIT
A small Node.js script that finds product ingedients

Thinkful data science class

All php assenments
Repository for all the projects made by Project G

My first attempt at Rock-paper-scissors with Python


Web API backend for rephraseit application
personal portfolio website
A copy of all posts that go on to the site (and drafts).



Django 1.7 Hacker News Clone
This sample shows you how to add a DebugSettings flyout into the SettingsPane when running under DEBUG in order to clear application data (local, roaming, temporary, local cache, local settings and roamign setting).
CAD files (SolidWorks) for a layered acrylic enclosure for the Raspberry Pi.
practice problems for clojure
learn and test how to use git and github
Program for finding palindromes in a specified range in a specified positional numeral system by the radix (from 2 to 36).It was a school homework, done at night Jan 2-3, 2015.
Some Human lang design examples.
Postgresql vagrant configuration for hot standby, backup and cloning
Play 2 Java Tutorial
Simple Github release command line tool
...just a test
Documentation site and example code for using the TwitterOAuth library.
Learning Ember.js



2015 FRC robot code for team 2412, the Robototes.


 Learning WebGL Lesson 3 converted from vanilla WebGL to use stack.gl.
 :school: NMCT BA Project
A simple code base to teach myself some c++14, sdl2, cmake, and emscripten
My Master's Thesis.

A simple theme to get your WordPress site up and running in no time.
project to learn python and git
Practice repository for Udacity course 'How to Use Git and GitHub'
Read-only release history for Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Test-Legal
.spec Files for building RHEL RPMs
A simple and less-data presale system for hacker events and all other live events.
My own set of utils for Android applications
My personal solutions to some well known code katas.

Browser-based Breakout clone with fast 3d graphics and a unique design
A pretty-printing library for laying out text in two dimensions, using a simple box model.
Demonstration of null object pattern for presentation
2015 FIRST Robotics Robot Code. 
A management system for things in and relating to my house (currently just lights)
Version UTF-8 de fab
A tutor for learning flexbox
Translation project and CodeCharge Studio IDE.
A simple iOS app that plays a random sound every time the phone is shaken, made as part of an iOS course I took.

My entry for the UTGDDC GMD 2015
A basic functionality clone of instagram that I made during an iOS course I took. Uses parse backend and implements user registration, user authentication, and queries. Includes follower system and user feed system implementation. Also has pop-up alerts, 

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A free software educational application for training elementary school students into basic arithmetic operations
a simple implementation of LR in c++
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
An example of using ReactJS with Rails using the classic fizzbuzz app
"First Head: Design Patterns" book training source files
Copy of wkhtmltopdf-amd64 binary

collection of handy scripts often used in DB/A activities
Port of Blockly to generate Java code (for and edx course)
My first foray into C++ programming
Basic structure for building HTML sites using Middleman, HAML/SASS, and HTML5 Boilerplate
GitHub user page
Simple Java Swing Program for running your HQL and SQL Queries.
Git clone of DeSmuME hosted on SourceForge. Given that no change has been made there since 2015-03-18 this should be up-to-date, but I can't guarantee it :)
Password module used in the auth-client-demo
Authentication library used in the auth-client-demo
 Basic functions for handling mime-types in Erlang, JavaScript, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby, Java

A list of stupid and useless examples using doctrine2
NetHack 4 is an open, community-maintained version of the classic roguelike game NetHack.  This is my working repo for contributing to it.  (If you are looking for the official NH4 repository, see nethack4.org.)
Spring Security and Angular JS:: A tutorial on how to use Spring Security with a single page application with various backend architectures, ranging from a simple single server to an API gateway with OAuth2 authentication.
a university course evaluation system written in Python using Django
We are MOVING to a new repo at https://github.com/octothemes/classic-dark
A Java helper library I developed to help me in my various personal projects.
some config files in my home directory, like as ".gitconfig", ".bashrc", ".vimrc", etc.


A very small danbooru style image gallery.
\N


\N
 A simple tool for storing your Instapaper articles offline in PDF written in Bash. 

DEPRECATED: See scireum/sirius
A fork of 'Basecamp theme' comes from redmine's alternative theme. (sigh)
learning to code a drupal module
mirror of git://git.p.engu.in/laurentb/brutha

Auto-generated sphinix version of the NetworkX website. Since this is an auto-generated directory, please do not submit pull requests against this repository. The actual sources are in the networkx-website repository.
Simple example using the Guice-Jersey-Jetty-Shiro stack
Demo app showing how the Rails CVE-2013-5664 vulnerability works.
Put my already done scripts here
This is my fork, Quark is now at https://github.com/rackerlabs/quark
A simple CMS powered by Google Drive (PHP version)
Small and robust polyfill for the HTML5 placeholder attribut. 
The backup repository for the Lootsie Website
Fork of the Fung Institute up-to-date version of the Fleming disambiguation engine

example gem repo
Another useless Java based IRC bot
An example of implementation of a Module Pattern of Javascript. Leave some comments or questions.
DEPRECATED Transparency Camp by Sunlight Foundation XXX
An online tutorial for Impress.js
My effort on competitive programming
Bundle for the Doctrine OXM project (deprecated) - use https://github.com/doctrine/DoctrineOXMBundle

Mako based template preproccessor to produce html5boilerplate compliant templates, also includes some small asset management functionality.
This repository contains the fonts created by me.
Deprecated: look at sharadmv/quizbowl
Testes com CSS3 para simular no browser algo parecido com o app Flipboard
Configuration files for tools I use (e.g. vim).
Contains Verify - fast and extensible class for simple method arguments asserts. Example: Verify.Args(new { param1, param2 }).NotNull()
blog
HTML and jQuery example of creating an auto save method.
testing, will be removed in a moment
Use Sina Weibo API demo
stupid simple library for running queries against the Splunk API.
[DEPRECATED] Fun, fast, secure web development on top of Clojure/Ring
Flask using Github's gist as blog data store
Install scripts for kids ruby
an small particle system realized in javascript, with an small demo 
damn simple config file parser for python
Copy of @thomasdavis / backbonetutorials / modular-backbone-updated example with Twitter's bootstrap
a simple jquery tooltip plugin
MIUI v4 Russian Translation
mirror github / launchpad projects
Puppet module to install realmd in a workstation, and add it to a domain

MOVED TO https://bitbucket.org/acoustid/musicbrainz-acoustid
(Deprecated) ElggCollection API
These are some of the set up scripts for my OpenERP cloud
A couple of simple helper classes to help in writing RESTful PHP Libraries.
Swedish translation for the upcoming 2.2 release of Processwire with multi-language support.
microDuke is a simple, standalone, multi-threaded, small web server written in Java.

Database School Project
create a static HTML copy of a tumblr blog
Git settings - dotfiles
Example Code for Volume Rendering Tutorial
This example codes show you how to add 'do not backup' attribute to your files and directory.
A simple Ruby script to backup the entirety of a GitHub project to a local folder.
\N
Web pages and other files for UW program in Python Programming
Personal development tree for gnome-settings-daemon

Assignments and other work for UW course, Internet Programming in Python
Collection of python scripts to update confluence via the CLI.
Computer Science Testing System written for the University of Winnipeg
Site dos Projetos do Sistema Aula no Git Hub
Presentation on Rails 3 introduction
Add process management to `list-processes'
This is a mirror of monotone repository for Esrap-PEG, generator of Esrap rules from PEG grammars
A small command-line python script that creates a local backup of your Flickr data.  It mirrors images, titles, description, tags, albums and collections.
Create simple editable CMS content blocks in node.js. Wrapper for Create.js CMS framework.
A lightweight, simple to use camera system for your CoronaSDK project.
Simple version control for documents of Adobe InDesign/InCopy
A simple, extensible validation library for PHP with support for filtering and validating any input array along with generating client side validation code.

A MultiWorld/MultiCurrency economy plugin for Craftbukkit * DEPRECATED. Go in http://github.com/greatman/Craftconomy3 *


Coursera "Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Part 2" programming assignments
my dotfiles
Some environment stuff: vim settings, bash settings, git settings etc
Simple Graphical Java tool to start Rackspace Next Gen / OpenStack Cloud Servers in Shutoff state

My own linux config
my dotfiles
Using OpenSim and Second Life open source software as crutches while we write sane replacements.
My VIM files.
This is my personal website (bendrucker.me)
My personal website including my blog and project built in Django
code I write while learning ruby
Dotfiles
Blog
a repo to practice some php skills
Testing / demoing various github workflows
Sample repo for testing our options
Testing Git commands

Basic configuration management in Python
New-Style 6.006 Problem Sets
A small web site that displays a pomodoro timer.
\N
Drupal 7.x Entity example
Scripts both written by myself and stolen from others. In 'dev' branch, lots of scripts are directly from others without any modification by me. I include them just for my convenience.


[DEPRECATED] A simple Android background service that keeps your GPS online for some specified amount of time.
\N
My AWS tools
ps3 game translation team
This is a beginner's testing.
Info about me and links to my projects
My Project Launcher
a simple blog Bundle for symfony2 (the backed requires sonata admin bundle)
A simple Metalsmith website boilerplate (Gulp included)
User settings backup
dot files
A collection of practice exams for Freshman level Computer Science exams at RIT.
This is a `git svn` mirror of the now dead Eternity SVN repository.  For more active development, please see team-eternity/eternity.
I am an AUR package maintainer. See my packages!
Config files for a riced up Arch setup.
This is a code storage of ATF tools learning group.
Personal configuration for my Arch Linux system
The Logger is a simple program that I created for logging activity throughout the day in a simple text file.
Modified version of Zend. In the future, this repo should go away and be a fork of Zend.

Online demo page for Mozilla Firefox OS Keyboard
My emacs configuration

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Repository to store emacs config files
dotfiles
A fork of compiler-rt supporting AVR and compatible with Rust
overleap.js is a small JavaScript library to add blank space at the bottom of a webpage. With overleap.js, your visitors can scroll/page your website in a more native way.
A small, simple Windows Twitter client built using WPF
Some useful tutorial about new technologies
My PowerShell environment
various configuration files that are used day-to-day bettering the throughput
My google codejam solutions.
My first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Simple backup utility
My Master's Thesis, in LaTeX format
My first ruby on rails app!
minimalist theme for Q2A
Easy online photo backup and albums.
Jonathan Rascher's resume
Intro to jQuery presentation
An old-school sample HTML text generator
My *nix Dot Files
the first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
PowerShell Ebiz IIS Site deployment Scripts
A simple blog using Octopress
Small projects in programming
A copy of my bash profile for anyone who cares to take a look
Simple script that allows you to put a limit on the number of words in a textarea field
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application

A Sample application using the new Android Beam feature in Android 4.0+ that relays a message to another device
My personal website

My personal blog
A challenge for myself: terminal battleship (like, battleship in a terminal. Not killing battleship.)
Example Rails project for use with the GithubCodeFixer project
Sources of my WJUG presentations


sample
Small collection of code samples to implement functionality in different languages
Html Guide for the "Chaos macht Schule"-Project in DD, Germany
A collection of weird iOS bugs
vim setting & plugins
Light colorscheme for GUI Vim
My experimental fork of GPSEE
The first app for RoR Tutorial

Small web experiments. Testing various APIs and JS libraries.
Small helper script for importing MySQL databases.
A mobile first, fluid grid framework
collection of programming puzzle I solved/tried to solved.
Very very small website, chooses random urls in an iframe
bbsnode is a simple BBS like 2ch based on node.js,Express,Redis
Work through a book to learn basics of Ruby.
Test git
simple Java library for converting POJOs to JSON and back again
An example of an offline HTML application
Demo blog de Ruby on rails
A super simple web app that removes non-ASCII chars from pasted text. Written in Clojure/Noir.
Tool to deploy sites and apps using git at Dahnielson.com
Various config files I use

rails installer demo

Personal Web Site
My First ProtoJS test project
A fork of Test::NoBreakpoints (v0.13)
copy of sources in Test-Driven Javascript Development written by Christian Johansen
A collection of sample projects from Yojimbo Corp blog posts
Custom theme for Tumblr
http://www.icdevgroup.org/docs/install.html for Shiloh GNU/Linux
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo app
Just a test
DEPRECATED - Follow Link for New Project
some env and configuration files
My Presentations
Clone of http://code.google.com/p/pytracker/

Meet Vertexer, a simple 3D grid with which you can place paths in: 3D. Vertexer has vim-like controls and functionality. It also includes a library to generate POV-Ray files.
An example of how you can use domain objects with Vaadin
my first php project
Sample Rails Tutorial App
The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial 

zsh conf using zsh-git as a submodule, and more conf
A collection of JavaScript libraries
A collection of Builder pattern related tools

first repository
Research project for University
A rack app to lazily mirror rubygems infrastructure
personal blog + website written with flask
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application
PHP Code Obfuscater

Really simple example of using Pusher with Ruby
two cloned project from google
A configuration set created for users new to FreeSWITCH. It doesn't expose what FreeSWITCH is truly capable of, but I hope new users won't get scared with this configuration set.
Vim configuration
Implementation of Simple Regenrating Codes (SRC) using Jerasure Library
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
My .janus dir, containing vim config and plugins in addition to janus vim distro
A simple text-based adventure game. A Practice lisp program.
FastDB is a single PHP navigation script for Fast and Simple MySQL and PostgreSQL databases.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application

Demo application - microblog
A core set of python classes to do time-step simulations
Sample Rails App
collection of php Files used (outside of framework) that I can use in teeny-tiny projects
Basic User Api example Really old, don't touch this, it won't work with the current API
Ruby on Rails demo app
Basic Learning
My ubuntu config settings that I usually use setting up a new vm or machine
A teaching environment for my personal use.
the source of my website elasticdog.com
Just trying to try importing other files
I wonder how many RoR Tutorial first_apps are on here
A collection of Flash Card Decks for use with the Anki SRS system

Attempt to create a simple online game with node.js

ManageR-plugin (QGIS) fork that includes soRvi-specific GUI goodies
Sample code to learn Objective-C
My CV/Resume and its LaTeX template
Truncate any string by a number of pixels. Perfect for when you need to shorten a string to take up a certain amount of space regardless of it's CSS styling.
A fork of http://www.devbridge.com/projects/autocomplete/jquery/. Added a callback function after each ajax call completes.
simple download accelerator/splitter written in c
*deprecated* My MacPorts
Economy plugin for tracking market prices and setting server store prices

Mini web app to make icalendar files of course schedules at Queen's University.
I'm just learning rails... this is my sandbox to play in
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
University project writen in C#
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Ruby in Rails sample application
Tutorial code (OSX cocoa) for connecting to Remember The Milk, using Grand Central Dispatch
throw-away simple rails app for migrating DB
Michael Hertl's rails tutorial
A small parser of "TODO"-like statements in source code.
test desc
Fork of TinyRadius - a Java-based Radius server library

Very simple and minimalist backend for a blog engine

rails installer demo
Tool to publish posts on a Wordpress blog from the command line.
API documentation for spinoff
Few config files
.files for my OS X Lion
M-Persia is a modified version of Mikael Roos's Persia at BTH on course dbwebb2.
Projeto de git do custo on-line
My linux config files
theme template of my blog built upon emlog. 

Conf Puppet Client
My blog
First app for ruby on rails tutorial
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Simple game to help you practice your hiragana memorisation
simple logger for python but with new approach for logging per module
Efficient Vim
school.hh.ru-java-stdlib translation to Python.
Open science notebook blog
Project / Task management as simple as it can be
Vim command to open a file anywhere on the system with just a few hints
Following Rails3 Tutorial
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application 
simple bot that connects to a IRC room and save the transcripts to a txt file

Simple PHP MVC
Sources from the tutorial "create an facebook Tab app"
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample_app
a rails sample app


This is a demo I used in my talk at SenchaCon 2011. It's a Sencha Touch application (for iPhone) that uses PhoneGap to cache data using CoreData.
My config files
Site covering HTML/Javascript banner to blackout any website.


Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application

Rails Demo Project
My resume in Latex
Iuid a simple uid generator and storage
My dot files.
GitHub clone for Digaboard to apply some small fixes
Ruby on Rails Sample Applicaiton

Repository of demos for testing all manner of scenarios
Practice project for work

\N
Ruby on Rails
This is a practice repo since I am new to all this
My Git Page
A Small Ruby Image Library
Play Framework
test
learning iOS
test with Engine Yard
Simple project to test PIT Mutation Testing
DEPRECATED since 5.4.2. Nuxeo Platform High Availability
Simple example of using the Graph API on the server side with Python for Pluralsight 

A simple jQuery plugin for keyboard scrolling through different sections in a webpage.

Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application

Create a simple browsable image gallery from a given public Picasa account. 
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demonstration application
School papers
A simple secure chat written in c++ 


Programming contest is fun
Modified version of Arclight theme for MythTV
my personal web site made in sinatra
Contains javascript file to be included in your webpage where dynamic element is being created. It has a function which does it all.

Simple OSX LaunchAgent to automatically set the Location based on a wireless SSID
one of my first fun in django
\N
Java 6 Certification Examples
Learn Ruby The Hard Way Exercises
Temporary repository for new code related to goamz (launchpad)
The Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
A Rails Tutorial demo app (using Scaffolding) 
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Powerful and lightweight bootstrap/autoloader class for PHP5.
A place where Gran Turismo players can share settings and events
crazy, but works: it packs irclog, reindxr and ircbot all together
A web browser that has offline features like a Web Camera,  Games,Email and many more.You dont have to be online to navigate the Anansi Browser.
Git mirror of Voce voice interaction library, with my improvements (link goes to upstream)
Some useful scripts for converting media files, using rtorrent and else

An Implementation for a simple educational system using java, intended to contain all major concepts and techniques in the language. This is originally a homework for third year students in Damascus University.
Complex example of GIT Cherry picking
A bejeweled clone with an AI to play it
Rails Tutorial Sample App Second Try
Repository for my node.js experiments
simple programming language written in Java
Just a whole load of things that I've worked on and find useful
Todo Project Manager, used for my diploma thesis
Cron job that runs and automatically launches their live radio stream when the Toronto Maple Leafs game is about to start
A simple algebraic computation system written in F#.
 Yes, precious, false! They will cheat you, hurt you, LIE. 
Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application
Ruby on Rails Tutorial: sample application

general area for new code
Rails learning using tdd
Ruby on Rails sample tutorial application

php string functions ported to emacs lisp (very much in progress)
Code. Creating backup and version controlling it across branches. Pushing to work across machines. 
Learning to code Python the hard way examples. Allowing me to practice from work or home. =)
just a test sample
Personal Website
tools to data mining news of websit
The itunes store search api states that large applications should use cache architecture.  This is my simple implementation of one such server using mongodb and node.js
Main documentation for Participant Scheduling System
Ruby on Rails Tutorials sample application

Simple Restlike app that exposes lucene text analysis and tokenisers
MIUI v4 Ukraine Translation
Fork to bring patches to utidylib project that has been inactive for 7 years

a simple twitter alike system (tas) build upon springMVC and cassandra
Basic CRM/Intranet system
Open source javascript & wordpress plugin
PFC documentation
The source code of my personal page
JavaScript-based BUGswarm connector.

Yet another implementation of a notify system in Mootools
my custom CMS - framework for development

Beginning iOS Development Projects
My emacs config.
HBase Manager provides a simple GU Interface to interact with HBase Database. With HBM we can do all the basic actions like Table Create/Alter/Drop/Truncate and Data Modifications like Insert/Delete/Update.  The Scan Operation can be fully customized with
Backup scripts for Linux using rsync
Testing for different HTTP push technologies
Just a sandbox of random cruft while I learn git
My blog
Documentation for the Grid'5000 API
A simple NER component that uses prefix-tree to build the recognition dictionary.
My vim config

private stuff for test, temp storage
My VIM dot files
Making markdown text files pretty. This is pretty much a clone of https://github.com/sanand0/markdress so the credit should go to him. I was surprised at how easy it was to implement in node.
My dotfiles
Keeps dot files under version control
Repository for a personal homepage

Ruby on Rials Tutorial Demo Application
My dotfiles
Stuff which I collect and use in daily basis and not related to any specific projects
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Exmample REST server with file upload

My university project on a GPS iphone application

A bare cytoplasm blog, with no posts and a minimal configuration.
Backup documents stored on www.e-boks.dk
personal twit backup website

my dot files


Large file storage with Git
My emacs config
Playing with Java on the Cedar Stack
A little perl script I wrote to pull VOB files from dvds
Ruby on Rails Sample Application
Rails tutorial project
Fills in html forms with default values and errors a la htmlfill for Python
configuration files



Fork of http://www.technipelago.se/content/technipelago/blog/44
My Chef repo for developing cookbooks related to HPC and scientific computing
fork of master branch from git://slackbuilds.org/slackbuilds.git (read more on wiki). If you want to fork do it only with master (the other branches are temporary and are always rebased on master). alternative interface http://cgit.ponce.cc/slackbuilds/
A Composer-compatible packages.json file for SimpleSAMLphp along with a stupid simple PHP script that generates the file.
A simple library of Java language utilities
Just a simple jQuery plugin to mimic the "Back to Top" feature of WordPress.com. Looking to rewrite with Vanilla JS
Simple Sublime Text 2 / GitX integration plugin
Modelling flat mechanisms (java version)
A simple 404 page that uses the URI as input to generate a 404 message.
Interactive map of trails accessible by SmartTrails API
a collection of text shotcuts for tech industry stock quotes, with a focus on Asia.



Github mirror of MediaWiki extension CategorySortHeaders - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)
Simple web crawler written in Python
Personal blog of @HarveyKandola powered by Jekyll
A demo app for the famous deals gem

A collection of config files I'd like to keep in sync
Polyfills forEach for ES6 Map and Set
This repo has moved to https://github.com/projectbismark/bismark-packages
My dotfiles et al
A simple dashboard that shows useful information to Lunatech's employees
Jekyll source for my personal blog

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Bootstrapped WordPress Theme
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
My personal website
TurtleBot Documentation for ROS Groovy
Github decoration. Just for fun


Allows content to be submitted using Markdown, a simple plain-text syntax that is transformed into valid HTML. http://drupal.org/project/markdown
My notes and code backup chrome web application


Gnuplotting wordpress theme
multiple Config files save
A shared space for working on an open standard around food and food business related data.
android study project

Fork of http://code.google.com/p/throttled-smtp-appender/ but with threadsafety bugs fixed
Personal Vim plugin extension
Perl Script - A quick little perl backup wrapper for s3cmd sync
My Code::Blocks (CB) installer forked from the CB Installer.

Directory structure and template files for starting a new WordPress theme or child theme.
Front-end Web Development Project 2: Online Resume
openmoko u-boot fork with support for iPAQ h1940 and rx1950
Dana's dotfiles.
Fork of pydot r29 from pydot.googlecode.com, to fix requirements in pydot 1.0.28

A personal website
My C learning notes
My dot files
Project 3: Classic Arcade Game clone
The fastest way to access your Xecrets
A clone of the javaparser project, since that seemed dead. All submitted patches are accepted.
An example of how to use your finger to blur some parts of an UIImage





Unofficial mirror of hg.libsdl.org/SDL_mixer. Updated daily.
Unofficial mirror of hg.libsdl.org/SDL_image. Updated daily.



Personal recipe site based on Jekyll, hosted on BitBalloon and built with Travis CI


A set of scripts that will rapidly deploy Ubuntu servers / desktops to my personal liking
A collection of scripts and configurations to customize the bash environment.
Websocket example for file uploading
basicqtskills-Lodifice created by Classroom for GitHub
BBC PROJECT from udemy.com
Google App Engine Buildout Demo

Small library to copy images from a remove host to local mashine.

Assignment 4 for Coursera Full Stack Web Development - AngularJS

A simple synthetic transaction (site login) traffic simulator written in Visual Basic
C++ Examples for CTP API 
Happy New Year!!
The template list for l3e-cli.

This is a required repository for the Launch School curriculum. It is intended to be a repo to store your solutions to chapter exercises to show the TA's during assessments.




Everything that you have saved in your computer now a one place to go. NO More having to download different apps to save different things. This one does it all!!!
A simple app using iframe
A curated list of questions for developers, engineers and IT professionals to ask while being interviewed.

Storing various test code from Python courses - use at your own risk
Documentation sur AVR_Atmel (Wiring/arduino)

This is a template for README.md files for projects.
This is a test to check the CD setting in Azure from GitHub
Building a Website with Node.js and Express tutorial

A collection of code and projects for the RaspberryPi
CPT375 CakePHP Assignment 2015
A simple demo repository to show the basic git workflow
Jumpstart labs blogger course

Contains token data for capstone project
Configuration files and settings

My resume





This is a easy simple way to start any react projects or playgrounds. Just follow the README.md and enjoy
A PHP implementation of CoinPayments API wrapped up into a simple to use class.
Code for an tutorial to hide or show an HTML5 element, such as <div>, <span>, <iframe>, and more

Small applet for rotating the screen on Unity Desktop

A simple command-line counterstring generator in ruby.
just trying out
A simple and effective README.md template for all your github projects.
Testing, one, two three

This is a data repository containing historical share tables which cover trading in all main board Australian Stock Exchange stocks.
An example React application (with test)
Full Hearts Implementation



This repo contains an iPython notebook which generates PDF pages of small labels for pinned insect specimens from data stored in an iNaturalist project.





Example of project for AdminLib
My dotfiles
setup file for Ubuntu system
this is my attempt to redesign the existing homepage for placesbrands dot com and make it responsive

The source environment for my HHVM vagrant box on Atlas
Final Project for UC Berkeley iOS Development Class

Cs229 and CS221 project, Stanford, 2015

demo project for git

Brick breaker clone written in Javascript. Uses pixi.js and Tink libraries. #breakout #game
Yet another react components pack
A respository for learning git.

minimal example for babel-plugin-webpack-loaders
A directory I use to keep the code I write for doing http://www.adventofcode.com's 25 days of code exercises.
Adventures with docker 2
Tiny peg list
First project in GitHub
This series will be to practice creating HTML web pages incorporating CSS
A simple script to keep the Ninux MapServer updated even if your local area is disconnected from the rest of the WCN
Just for practice


(prime group jq 01) jQuery assignment, building a fruit market. (Worked with John, Sam, and Ashley)
My DBC phase 0 github page site
open source
A translation of Apple's sample code PocketCoreImage into Swift
Personal Website

This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.
Errata from Introduction to Real Analysis by DePree and Swartz

I love the world.

this is my first repository
Code from my CS162 Class 
Learning android studio and git
First app we built for iOS course on Udemy
A simple chrome extension to log the time spent on each webpage.

random tidbits as i work through perl6intro's syntax & features intro
copy paste to new comps for env on terminal sheel
dingjing website repository


Part of The Odin Project. The "Building Blocks Project" in the "Basic Ruby" section of "Ruby Programming."  
This is a test repo
Image Test
SAMPL1 Database used for Benchmarking Hydration free energy calculations
A clone of the popular mobile game Flappy Bird, using libGDX framework.
Multipart resume site


Basic web server for Nicco's temperature gauge project.



This repository is for created for learning Python. 
Tutorial using system time and real time 3D object manipulation
A personal clone of the HLStats project source code. Use the `1.65` tag for the last stable release.
The sample app from the Ruby on Rails Tutorial


Version control of my code as I work through Accelerated C++, a book by Koenig and Moo.
My super simple app to test out on jenkins


A simple demo repository

Example Rails app for socket_helpers gem. Running at http://socket_helpers_example.herokuapp.com
A personal website.
my dotfiles
just another repository



Simple way to chart json data!
learning python
First exile repack!
Documentation repo for Zhibaihe packages.
This assignment is designed to demonstrate your understanding of VB multiple forms
Implementation of a basic Java Chat using Java IO.


A script made up of the work of several different minds used to read a .csv file to SSH into Cisco IOS devices and tftp their configs to a remote server. Requires PyCrypto, Paramiko, and Python 3. With some small modifications can be used to fully automat
A collection of widgets and gadgets for helping with Thaumcraft 4

This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.
Test / Learn React Redux trying to implement a game.
Sample crud operations in rails
A terminal session with the host running SPJS. As of version 1.87 of SPJS you can send/receive basic terminal commands to host operating system. This widget is a front-end UI for the terminal from ChiliPeppr.

My own personal landing page
Example using Chef to Setup a Website
Simple Delphi IDE Tool to convert list of fields to properties via clipboard
My first attempt at React Native. A simple guessing game using the Etsy API.
Portfolio website.
practice for push
This repo will contain information on the process of doing data science; it is primarily gauged at people new to data science.
A work in proggress of a repo that allows you to share code and store it in a very user friendly place.
profile and dot files for linux

A fork of https://github.com/agoldst/tex adding support for the modern beamer theme (https://github.com/matze/mtheme)
This is a simple todo application, but the new features will be added to the application in time. It's built by Laravel framework

Trying a Stanford course out. http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs106a/index.html
Testing
Setup with Express and React in ES6 with webpack and nodemon with basic Login and Database
A short, simple python script to initiate a scan of the North Korean internet.


Developer documentation for Integratingfactor.com
Some thoughts about dream 
linux binaries of zonation built using docker and travis
A simple and easy demonstration for using PHP with MySQL over localhost. This project ReportCard Tool performs the insertion, Deletion, Updation, Searching over MySQL database with help of interface provided by html and PHP.  



Google Homepage Clone
Repo for a swift project I'm experimenting with


Java Projects
practice code everyday
Demo App made for National Bank of Egypt (NBE) to reserve a ticket before going to it's branch
To Do List example in Swift language




ruby on rails tutorial



Dummy Project for Testing Purpose
Testing git working
A translation of Apple's sample code HeadsUpUI into Swift

A trial during my ios course 
basic AngularJS seed app for use with AT&T Drive UI Kit
A small project to rewrite a series of exercises written in Arduino C to ansi C for the AVR
Repository for my dev environment dotfiles
A collection of my Project Euler solutions


LLVM learning.


lot of small independant projects
My DBC Phase 0 github pages site!
TESTING OAUTH2 IN NODE.JS
Demo app rendering react on the server




Google Breakpad fork for Unvanquished with jon.turney's MinGW support patches.
For proposed Node.js Testing Working Group. Hopefully can be moved to nodejs org before too long...
Normal the rasppi setting and config 


This is my first repository
Personal website template
My quick solutions with Erlang for Advent of Code 2015
learning Python

Joomla Framework Testing
hello world test program
This is my first repository.
hare u can get all the project file of php tutorials series in hindi
this is a git test repository
Download Samples from wild just by providing md5 hash






python
A typescript clone of the brauhaus.js brewing library
:octocat:This a personal blogs powered by GitHub which is the freest place to share views and make notes for any programmer!

my first GITHUB Web Application
repo for all of my code
Java game. Created to practice project development, OOP principles, etc
My portfolio page v2
Machine Learning Model for predicting Credit Card Delinquencies
A simple but ultra fast wordpress cache plugin.
Welcome repo for ReviewNinja to help you get started. Feel free to delete when you're done, we won't take it personally.
Framgia's R&D Project for Code Contest



Some documentation for modding Duck Game.
http://www.mbsoftworks.sk/index.php?page=tutorials&series=1
This is a simple library that allows you to decorate functions with a string, and execute that function if the string is spoken.
A simple and static hashtable library in c




Online backup datastore of all my programs. Feel free to rummage through :)
Will run all test files (minitest) in a test folder if run from directory root
Solving Advent of Code 2015 in Ruby


Arthritis symptoms a person's head low for a bit afterwards because a man.  Arthritis diet, but it can potentially hire someone who did care.  Treatment for arthritis like a ship manned by barrel cutthroat buccaneers.  http://primearthritis.xyz selected a
Source folder




My dotfiles
Solution to hackerrank programming questions -> PHP

Just another repository
Ansible playbook for setting up a Linux dev machine for web development
Make new repos through git!
Simple Node.js application with Redis as data store to demonstate docker hosting with sloppy.io
Vagrant Lamp stack for project work
A responsive resume
Fork of 1pass (1Password-compatible password management tool) by Ryan C. Gordon

blog
Basic Numeric Operations and Functions for Swift (Based on Accelerate Framework)
practice

Final assignment for Cousera "Responsive Website Basics: Code with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript" class
Simple SPA example with Rails+Redux+React+Router+Webpack

Simple paxos implementation in go 
this is a template generator that can manage inheritance of necessary redundancy in your code/document/anyotherText
My portfolio I created for Treehouse's web design track.

what is new in Bootstrap $
cdnjs/cdnjs main repository analytics


Dotfiles


prjects of our labs in Buaa University
My first repository on GitHub

Simple Console Rogue-Like for personal interest
The solution for an assignment in course - "Timekla tehnologijas 2"
A simple logging utility for Node.js
A repo for testing webhooks
Beginning Level Team Treehouse Android Course App.

Weblog with personal ramblings of Dolf Andringa, and ecologist, web developer and scientist. The website runs on Jekyll at github pages.

mobile programming
This is my blog of hexo's version





C# Style Guide
Simple app to utilise pebble watch as camera remote


use ssh connection
Web development stack with apache, mysql, php

learning ksh



To use in the course for learning Android
A simple unlit_transparent shader for Substance Designer 5
The simple but versatile Text Reader for UWP

Basic library book reservation system.
Some things about learning Chrome Extensions.

Simple, flexible rich text rendering/editing on HTML Canvas. Converted to TypeScript.
Projects webspace
Sample Django project using Visual Studio 2015 and Google App Engine SDK

Simple example for socket.io library
For practicing HTML, CSS, JS, and the like.

this is just for test

Simple Android application, where you can capture a photo and then it displays in ImageView.

Udacity Android Developer Project 1+2 (Popular Movies)
Hello-World Repo 1

A simple PHP project that was done back in 2011 to display weather information of a provided place.
For the deepstream / Amazon Web Services Simple Notification Service Tutorial
Simple website for Digital Marketing agency, used only CSS3 and HTML5.
Simple socket.io application
Remote repo to help me test out my Github skills
IBInspectable_IBDesignable_Demo is a Sample code use IBInspectable and IBDesignable on Objective-C 

A blog-building tutorial from "The Complete Ruby on Rails Developer Course Udemy"
This is a new seas project app created during Ruby on Rails course
My first repository on Github.
Personal collection of adblock filters
A simple Resume Template

a small d3 based weather visualization of a gone year


Compare R Vs Python via a simple data analysis
My personal vim setup
AngularJS 2 quickstart


Playing around with the php 
React Sample Apps
Test for issue https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-config/issues/314.
Detecting communities in Facebook ego-networks - Project for the "Statistical Analysis of Network Data" course by Eric Kolaczyk at ENSAE ParisTech (visiting professor from Boston University)

Simple App using Flux Architecture and React (ES5)

Sparx Codility Test
Sammelsorium of code used in various projects

A small utility to add battery status and git status in zsh prompt
learning c#

My Resume

first app 


A simple event system for Minecraft Client

My current vim config
It contains all the example based on each lessons.
Several mini-projects for the Machine Learning course at ENSAE ParisTech

some algorithms for solving math problems in https://projecteuler.net/
This repository contains all the assignments and test code of AngularJS.
first commit



This is clone of the Tinder app with basic functionality, using Parse and Facebook SDK.
test quiz

Learning Visual Studio Code 
tryout mojoio before integrating it with your workflow.
Rails application - practice: adding pages, routes, and bootstrap.

Simple guide explaining how to generate a h.248/megaco parser



A small PHP program to send SMS messages to a GOIP GSM Gateway using a simple restful API
A simple Java app to keep all places you visit I made when I started to learn to code for Android and I have refactored with Eclipse refactoring tools.
My code for Algorithmic Thinking course, Rice University @ Coursera
Projects done in order to learn HTML&CSS
dotfiles
demo for chat
Docker Nginx Test.

Making the Demo from Video "Mastering Git" PACKT
Sample forum system
Collection of useful code snippets in various languages, feel free to use or extend :)
Learn python, sample, book
Repo for The Meteor Chef - Building a User Admin Tutorial
Simple rest client python class
My .vimrc configuration. Here be dragons!

Testing connectivity to Hive

WIP: sample implement on elixir

Solutions for the advent of code, written in Go
This is a sample on Backtory's back-end as a service product for Unity.
simple npm script based projects
My dotfiles
Udemy React Tutorial
ansible-role-virtualenv-php-pecl
Simple app (15KB) to launch Storage Settings directly from the apps drawer

Learning book "The Python Standard Library by Example"

Tutorial in symfony3

Boilerplate for Webapp projects including Node, MongoDB, Express, Jade, SASS, Gulp tasks and BrowserSync.

Studying web-server
Example App using the Google Polyline Decoding


Web based document about MongoDB, including some examples with the java driver
sandbox to use parallax 
Personal videography site based on Jekyll, hosted on BitBalloon and built with Travis CI

boostrap 3 template
Sample for Jenkins Workflow plug-in and Docker
Practice simple JavaSciprt
A hello world example for pygame. The game displays a box that can be moved around with arrow keys.

My express.js web application based on rouxmeet example.

Open source and properly licensed code for the Digilent Nexys 4 DDR peripherals
Repository for a project implementing the SIP stack for online communications. Being the 3rd laboratory project for course M7021E at the Lulea University of Technology, Sweden
A very small game engine I have been tinkering with
Test repo for hook development 

The repository contains recipes I like to share with my friend
personal website using Keystone.js ( nunjucks + stylus + gulp )
A set of scripts that I maintain and use on my systems.  You mgiht find them useful too.


placement task for android dev course 
A windows most simple engine made with C++ & DirectX

A simple web front-end providing read-only access to download .zip files of projects
For Udacity "How to Use Git and GitHub" class
Test app
first repository
Day 2 of Variety Megajam
Exercises for LaunchSchool - Course 1 - Programming Foundations.
R Course - Program Assignment 3
An angular app clone from angular-seed.
Une demo de git

practice with peer programming. (Worked with Ben)

tutorial rep

A very simple yet powerfull C string library
vm,Cloud,storage

This is my first time to use GitHub,so I creat a test repository
Personal Website
Scripts and source-code examples for different tools to work with Unity Engine games
origin backup covers
A small discord bot
Coursera - Exploratory Data Analysis - Course Project 2
my solution to lintcode problems
My First Game - A work in progress.
pytools in my daily work/life
my-vim setting

Treehouse tech degree Project 2
My RapidMiner Extension
A simple C# application to verify who unfollowed you. Learning purpose only.
School
Just a small unity project with no real purpose but testing stuff
This is the main project for the Ruby on Rails course
some examples in the book Beginning-Python-From-Novice-To-Professional

Content site, for a company

The first main part of my diploma thesis which must be delivered to finish the course Semestral project
takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website
Simple android project to manage my hours at work

Stopwords collection of Bahasa Indonesia collected from many sources.
Schedule Your Church Matters
My theme for Piwigo.

Repository for Euler challenges and similar code for Thing a Week.
Git integrations with Android Studio.

My first java script ive made ;)

Just another repository

Private school project/assignment
my test project
A development environment sample for WebPack's Hot Module Replacement with Babel, React, and Sass


This is the demo of isomorphic webapp using React + NodeJS
Modules with diferent purposes for android projects.



rails blogger app based on tutorial at tutorials.jumpstartlab.com
Data Stream is Sparkfun, graphing is Analog.io
my C++ library
All the small (may be non userful ;-) ) automating scripts or programs that I made.



My New Repo


Android app made for course DAVE3600 @ HiOA (2015)
simple angular project to display a list of stocks

Web object inspector used to automate testing software with Selenium 
The purpose of this program is to demonstrate the functionality of (LRU) cache memory.


Simple vanilla JS script to simulate text typewriting effect.
Just a test on some 4D using OpenGL.
My site/blog/portfolio

Checkpoint 18 Address Bloc: Basic Ruby App
Simple infrastructure to create, run and analyze tests which have measurable output
A Minecraft Mod that allows you to have tools and armor made of bedrock.
This is a hello world project. just for fun.

Project for Algorithmics course. Bloom and Cuckoo filters used for remembering elements added to list.
gci task: https://codein.withgoogle.com/dashboard/task-instances/6501030917308416/?sp-page=1
Just testing

my test file

Stockmarket demo app build with ionic framework and firebase
Shows your Mail Subject on the LCD display from your Raspberry PI

course project for shaniu
NodeJS tutorial project
git init
Sandbox for Wetspot 2 audio experiments in nostalgia.
Python Projects
Irish School transitions as Sankey Diagrams
Files for the REACH High Spring 2016 course: Intro to Web Design Using Bootstrap
A sample repo for use in creating new storage modules for Botkit

A script for automatic shift appointment
my c code repositry
resume repository

Adds java 8

Because origin Hacker News website is so ugly, so I gonna spend my weekends build another web client using React + Redux + Webpack + Material UI just for fun.
the  tutorial to learn c programming language.
Android app for practice

a web app demo for VIO
Test 1, 2, 3


just a start
This repository is created just to understand how a repository is to be created in GitHub.
Golang forms library. It's meant to be for personal use, but if you like it you can use it.
Fullforms is a simple RESTful API which will give you access to lots of fullforms and meanings of shortforms via simple http request.
Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Stanford University @ Coursera

my first test app
A simple balloon popper game for toddlers built using the concepts explained in "Mastering Android Game Development"

My JWM config setup (Installs some Xfce components)




Typicode Fetcher. A tiny project for FOSSASIA/Google Code-In 2015.
A tiny project with me trying to create a procedurally generated map in Unity.
Git and GitHub tutorial repository from Udacity
Docker fish shell configurations
Excercises for learning python bootcamp


force layout example with some helpful tricks to note...  try looking at gists for example, git wont serve png,
A short tutorial on the basics of Branching with Git and Github
Programs created during first year at University of Maryland
New test repo

simple data access framework written in java


A practice social site, built using the MEAN stack
My solutions for the project euler problems written in C/C++.
Simple dynamic Node.js application built using Treehouse course
Simple "Hello, World" app with Angular 2 beta
Simple Scripts and Docs about Apache Spark


Learning github


A PHP sample showing how to extract viewables from the Autodesk OSS storage to your local machine
Practice programming projects for my sister

My first Pokedex had a lot of merge issues so I created a new repository to work with



Docker image for compiling Java webapps and deploying to installed Tomcat

Irwin Brady's Text, as of the end of 2015.

A simple busy indicator which can be trigger from any child or navigated page in react native application
My practice from books
UHC documentation (split off from UHC repo)



My backup of configs in $HOME
Code written when reading https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/
First android app (Button, basic stopwatch)
Small project as exercise for school

Docker images for physical computing (Raspberry Pi 2 GPIO)
Personal web site
KGViewSeparators is a small helper library that helps to quickly insert separators into a view. No subclassing required!
My first repository


My custom dotfiles, using ZSH





a basic hybrid cordova app
MVC PHP Build based on JREAM Tutorial

This is a simple C# program that find the average of an array and the highest and lowest value of an array with the help of functions
Documentation (Python tutorial and how to use Reeborg) in multiple languages

Implementations of the most well known algorithms applied in Machine Learning in Octave/MATLAB. 
My dot emacs
Apache Docker image with SSL turned on and a configurable ServerName.
Dead simple python module for sending sms/mms messages from smtp(email).

testing
A fork of NFCLockscreenoffEnabler for Marshmallow

style guide for New England VegFest
This is an example site for the intro to Front-end Web Development Course at Flatiron School.

Smarty Basic
Simple React app for GitHub search API

A set of 'HelloWorld' demos using various GWT and SmartGWT architectures including HTTP and DMI
An opinionated  JavaScript styleguide.


Some my C and C++ code examples which I made during study new technology.
Fine selection of small Verilog modules under MIT license
This is my first GitHub! I'm using this project as a way to learn a system that is new to me.
Simple Magento 2 module that shows uses of Controller, Block & Template.
My approach on Project Euler challenges using Go
A small app built with flask for the final project of ud330 Full Stack Foundations class for udacity. 

A POC project to demonstrate android List View



 A curated list of awesome actionhero.js resources!
A POC App to demonstrate android relative layout

Setlist Data Connector for Tableau
my first git experience
Codepath University Spring 2016
Collection of homework assignments, papers and source code created while earning BS at the Evergreen State College
A multi channel log emitter(a clone of my php snitchin) written in GO
A POC app to demonstrate simple RSS Reader in Android
My Java repository
Small Megaman X game made in Phaser.js
Simple RSS Reader made using atom electron and vue.js
A POC app to demonstrate android table layout
develop react-redux to learning any more
Steps in reviewing and refactoring the code in question http://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/115012/report-for-a-restaurant-showing-hourly-sales-information-for-a-given-timespan
Setting up a new Mac
Small script that allows you to download movies from the ZDF mediathek
Demos a AWS lambda function written in node that pulls messages from SQS and saves to DynamoDb


Few react components to compare github stars evolution of popular github repositories
My practice of testing website payoneer.com using howitzer cucumber.

A simple annotation based java dispatcher

:computer: Distributed File Server Lab Project for Distributed Systems course

Udacity Course Work
Docker Hacking Image

Simple integration with github api
Setting up sprites and platform controls in easeljs
Hello World example
LEARNING HTML
Small lib for ROOT Data Analysis integration
Example web server from node.js developer course



Following along http://c.learncodethehardway.org


Test repository
A simple example of an app created using Ransack and Rex.
A list of papers I read in 2016
I created a java Selenium Maven project to practice testing techniques for myself using JUnit to check if the automated test pass or fail

I'm experimenting react native. This project is work in progress...




Local sandbox for mucking around with Docker. Requires Vagrant and VirtualBox.
Karma Landing Page Clone
Just a repo for me donking around with hapi/react
A simple i18n translation and localization library for React+Fluxible applications.
Curso Git da Code Education


python the hard way tutorial/book

This is a list of tech coops that are either forming or looking for new members.
Making some Arduino stuff

Simple dockerfile for use with wercker to compile android 6.0 projects

Intro and Next Steps in Foundation
2nd assignment for 2IMV20 (Visualization) at Eindhoven University of Technology
Backup copies for various projects i  fiddle with.
Resources for the Sonic Interaction Design Course HS 2015
My personal Docker containers I use for development.
Senior Design 2016 code collaboration


My implementations of the apps from Udemy's course "Build Apps with React Native"
Source code developed during summer internship.
my first Repository on Github


Instructional projects that I have completed
This repository contains the Python code for machine learning algorithms. (With and Without SCIKIT)

Demo project for a blog post on using Ninject with Prism for Xamarin Forms


:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component
I have created a demo interview app using Meteorjs and Kurento. Sample 5 interview questions are there. Once the user clicks on start button, he /she can see see a question which has  to answered within 3 minutes or else it will disappear. Kurento media s
Multithreaded Demo Presentation Code

Attempting to create a github based blog for all of my coding meanderings
basic project boilerplate

Example solutions for exercises in K&R C book (1988)
Small console application that represents taxistation manager. Made by begginer in C#.
Git starting


Example of good Android practices

:wrench: My usual Jekyll set up
practice with git and github
A template vector library sample in C++ to use vectors
Reflections from the "How to Use Git and GitHub" course. Udacity.
My first repository 




Small educational scripts to teach programming, some math, possibly some physics.

Python course

main page of website
My personal website
Very simple Java RMI application for education
compiler I wrote for University class

http://www.tutorialspoint.com/struts_2/

A personal guide on how to get started making games by Jonathan Topf
Basic Scripting in C using Data Structures and bit shifting
Example of decoupled state machine and markup
Template for testing pgxntool with pgxntool-test

Template repository for building Ansible roles off of, including good unit testing and documentation.
Docker Python CI Environment
new
Tests towards doing basic pyglet rendering tasks faster through data orientation and numpy

New Folder created
Code for Django Girls website tutorial
Sample repository for Git Tutorials
A learning resource for front-end development
A translation of Apple's sample code Using UIImagePickerController to Select Pictures and Take Photos into Swift

Very simple Python script to display artist name and track title on i3blocks

A simple neural networks written with regularization and unit testing in python.
Docker image for raspberry pi - pigpio service


Simple tool for setting up reminders. Works in the background, allows to create/modify/delete reminders and their reoccurences. Application created in VS 2015.  Feel free to contribute.
A simple web todo list application employing jQuery, CSS and HTML
Small database based on local .json files

This is my Learn.ModernDeveloper repository, as I traverse Career Path 3!
A work for any sized group of megaphones
small web parser that gets all the top jobs and visualizes the various salaries for each position
This is a repository for random (but useful) functions I have created.


A large ensemble algorithmic work based on a number of ideas related to Ordinals.
Course site for DESN-368

Configuration for vim, bash, and other programs.
A new Test


All kinds of different Arduino projects. Very fun!
personal site
My personal website source code.
Simple RESTful Api Framework for go

An excerpt from my Summer 2015 REU project with the BU Bioinformatics Department (BRITE REU).

See blog post: http://jaysoo.ca/2016/01/03/managing-processes-in-redux-using-sagas/


Collection of Exercises & Projects from Eloquent Javascript online book





C++ Implementation of the AKS primality test

a website playground with bugs for QA testing


Medium clone built with Ruby on Rails
my blog code

Just some basic server shiet to mess around with
This repo is part of Coursera's Machine Learning Course.
A look at how to build a simple order book using C++,with testing being done using Google Test

Example of project for AdminLib

Debian debhelpers fork
A demo app for me to demonstrate my skills
A simple Rails Blog developed using Behavior Driven Development
A exercise from The iOS Course "From Beginner to Paid Professional"
react demons
Basic server status information delivered via REST
Mirror copy of the Debian packaging of python-q

Fork of https://code.google.com/p/io-2012-slides/
Learning Play framework in Java


Testing out iOS SpriteKit 
Demonstration of how the .Net geometry-api-cs computational geometry library can be used as a RabbitMQ worker
Resume for David R Prothero in Bootstrap and Angular.js
personal site and blog
Small, quick chat server as an Erlang exercise
This repository contains the EmulationStation theme "Carbon"
Sphinx documentation for the Tinkerforge system
Various small projects with Arduino
Advanced lesson in iOS 9 Devslopes class about auto layout and constraints in Xcode.
Learning: to show how to use template in C++
Super simple (static) web service to grab VAT rates for all EU Member States, in preparation of the new 2015 VAT regulation.
Jekyll powered personal website.
takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website
\N
a free and open-source calculus textbook
Bubbles that do text and image transfer things.
Example script - how to use the ESP8266 as IoT device
Versioned Personal Identity
fast.js is a simple, tested, ready-to-used javascript algorithm library for any node.js and browser.
Playing around with generic collections in java$cript
Functional programming training based on "Functional Programming in Scala" book by Paul Chiusano and Runar Biarnason
An Unprofessional Blog Engine Created With ASP.NET MVC By Tugberk Ugurlu
My github pages site.

Repository used as support for my studies about MVC with Hibernate and JSF, based on the book Caelum FJ-26
Sagittarius fork

First Draft of LmntrX Official App. Changes may be made to this repo. May be modified or replaced.
AppleScripts I find useful for working with OSX



A very small Mac OS X application testing the CPU for 64 bits capabilities.

My personal Vim installation, following the same procedures as the Janus project
fork of gojsonpointer with support for structs
fork of gojsonreference with support for structs
Pedantically set music filename, metadata and volume normalisation
Arnold Worldwide training repo for git and github
fork of git://libvirt.org/libvirt
My personal vim files.
This repository has been deprecated, please use one of the separate ANDS application-specific software repositories listed at: http://github.com/au-research/
tecgraf's iup src repo mirror


Simple app to monitor redis queues to make sure they are being processed.
Mirror svn repo of T2 Sde project
Official repo is in bitbucket: https://bitbucket.org/sillsdev/l10nsharp

.vim configurations
Just a bit of code I would like to share. For example my server side Google Analytics tracker written in PHP.
My dotfiles
A demo twilio node app, using just the low-level HTTP APIs
Basic platformer game. Mainly a proof of concept.
This is a simple web application which implement Two-Factor authentication by TOTP and Google Authenticator
pure data external to synthesize text to an array with espeak library

crawler4j fork from Google code
my dot files
My vim dotfiles, ellipsis.sh compatible.
jQuery plugin for creating a gallery of zoomable images from an anchor list.
Contains my dotfiles

Lean WordPress Theme
A simple SDK to get your hands dirty with Nabaztag
My fork of OpenWRT 12.09 Attitude Adjustment branch
Documentation about the Grml Server
Michael Hartl's Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application
My zsh dotfiles, ellipsis.sh compatible.
Mirror of git://git.sv.gnu.org/inetutils.git
scripts and dotfiles
My custom devel config files, dot files and helpers needed to only have to install it on a new machine and start geeking
RoR sample application
Simple documentation generation for Brat
Simple iOS prj as a team Run-in
Basic server-side analytics middleware for expressJS.
My resume
This is very simple code that can be used to demonstrate the caveats and design issues associated with building real-time chat server that uses socket.io.
Example scaffolding for hosting Ruby applications on Windows Azure
A simple filesystem based python index as an extensible application
Soluciones para problemas en http://coj.uci.cu
this is just a mirror of https://bitbucket.org/hasufell/hasufell-overlay
A git mirror of official flickrapi hg repository (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi) with some additional customizations.
Programa simple de redes neuronales para java
project with pretty damn self-descriptive name
my githubpages
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/wordsearch-android
Resume in LaTeX.
(inactive and unmaintained) A set of loosely coupled machine learning, data-mining and bioinformatics applications in a broad range of functional languages.
my config
my dotfiles
svn clone http://dangerous-prototypes-open-hardware.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Bus_Pirate
Pointers to useful, well-written, and otherwise beautiful documentation.


An old Client-Server messaging program I made in highschool. I'm keeping this for nostalgia.

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Testium is a very Flexible and Plugin-able Test Automation Engine written in java. It is Open Source and fully supports the XML-based file formats of the Standardized Test Tool Interfaces as described in http://www.testtoolinterfaces.org/. Other file form
http://cse1211.artifice.cc
Janrain Capture Demo
New Flyspray theme proposal
Fork of http://git.suckless.org/dmenu with selected patches from http://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/patches/
New site design
A collection of Xcode Templates that I use. Well...so far only Coda and SIMBL plugin
Obsolete, see https://github.com/atykhonov/google-translate
Open source e-commerce and marketplaces made simple on the JVM

Finnish translation for Symphony CMS
LaTex version of resume

my .vim folder
jQuery Mobile Tutorial
Deprecated, see https://github.com/Stonelinks/stonelinks.github.io
A simple example presentation made in showboat
Personal package repository for Arch Linux
git - the simple guide
Collection of my dotfiles for easy access

My dotfiles - vim mastering - I can't go back anymore
Personal Site
A simple websocket client for send and receive data from a Node Server.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
My dotfiles
A simple zsh configuration and prompt. See the PeepCode blog below for a graphical example.
Vim dotfiles for pathogen and other configurations
An example website template for managing a band using Ruby on Rails
Simple issue tracking system written in Rails 3
My VIM setup

tvtorrentrss fork to remove all unused and unnecesary code
Copy of the last free wurfl.xml data file
  This project has been deprecated.
My Jekyll-based blog
Fork of https://code.google.com/p/cssjanus/ with modifications required by Khan Academy.
My vim config
Temporary copy of https://code.google.com/p/bastmush/ , nothing to see here, go over there.
Thsi is a test project
This is a copy of the JNLua repository over on http://code.google.com/p/jnlua/
test fork from svn googlecode to git

Free open public domain beer & brewery data for Switzerland (Schweiz) / Europe
A simple HTTP server, largely an exercise in Go handlers.
This is a practice Ruby project using cucumber for web-site testing

Solutions to short programming challenges from http://reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer
A simple dogecoin mining setup script for Debian based servers
Helper-app for beekeepers.

Xamarin Android Query Class inspired by AndroidQuery

This repository is for tracking exploratory code I write as I study Allen B. Downey's "How to think like a computer scientist", C++ version.
Basic Word Game
The up & coming version of victorlourng.com - COMING SOON!

my first repo

Test

git demo

Simple blackjack player vs computer with AngularJS running on NodeJS 

A fork of the WordPress Simple Colorbox plugin
dotfiles


Mirror of  vim-scripts /c.vim version 6.1
A small program that grabs forum titles every minute


my resume

A basic Ruby and Cucumber introduction
Sample iOS game developed with Objective-c, colour memory
loterry test

practice in webGL & common gamedev 

dotfiles
Collected resources about Facebook's React



This is an initial step to practice Python and Git 


personal website source code
A simple, yet beautiful, code highlighter for WordPress.
vim configuration
a collection of my dotfiles for easy cloning
Docker config for a ghost setup. Extra: nginx vhost config template with performance optimizations
Setup android dev env for mac os x
My personal page


Demo rails app

A collection of post install scripts for configuring security, development environments, and servers on debian. Just here to make things easier. Free Software Only.



A jump-start for my projects.
This is an open source project of using Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) in milton
Evolution you can do at home

rails

The most basic anonymous online game. My first side project with AJAX tech.
A simple jQuery plugin for date selection.
A docker image which my sites are based on.
A small javascript browser based game of "running from the thorns". Uses a game JS library "Gamelib"by Brent Silby
ImageViewer For testing
a simple solar system in HTML and CSS, based on the one on Codecademy. This one includes a moon.

Created by studio



Simple Books App via Backbone

java practice projects

A simple Bottle app for keeping track of eating, exercise and sleeping habits on a daily basis. Designed with groups in mind.




This repo has all my (Java) projects related to graphs

YWOT History, yes, this is what it runs on, github. :D


Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample App

collaborative repository to practice coding.

Web based application to create and alter basic operations on AWS EC2 instances.
A collection of additional tasks for Phing
Creating a particle system in C++ for learning purposes.  Uses SDL2 for graphics.
Precompile your static Middleman site when you push to Heroku

An infinity based theme for Conky.


overseer.js A light weight, simple Object.observe shim

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A sample application which demonstrates how to use JAX-RS to expose OIM information RESTFully



a template for a node.js project with grunt, coffeescript, less, jade
Template project for testing out Javascript vNext (ECMAScript 6 aka "Harmony") via the Google Traceur Compiler with a simple Express service.
Launch Academy practice app


A small collaboration with users of http://codegolf.stackexchange.com.
my dot emacs

New SQYBI.com with Django. Notice that the RoR version is deprecated!
Yet another blog.
Simon says game clone


STM32 USB-HID demo project, and utilitities

A generic admin theme built with Bootstrap 3 free for both personal and commercial use. 
MyFirstGitTest : http://www.raywenderlich.com/22590/beginning-automated-testing-with-xcode-part-12
Simple to use DB handler for PHP
Test
Mirror of vim-latex from Sourceforge
practice with material for technical interviews
A fork of the WordPress TwentyThirteen Theme
Sublime Text config files


Project 1 for Stanford University Objective-C course
R and GRASS scripts for the RS-GIS Ecol book
This is my test repo.

Watir-Webdriver-powered Screenshot Comparison and Testing Tool
This ist just a small game, written by myself in c.

A simple hadoop based project for learning. This project extracts the discharge summary data and using International Classification of Diseases (ICD) codes will perform the quick search on a specific disease and returns the highest number of other diagnos
A child theme used to test the development of the Thematic theme
Very basic memory game I made for my kids
Links to StyleGuides used by our team
Collection of actionscript 3 utilities
Tidal is a simple stateless aggregator for IMAP email accounts.
All the XML files required by the QuietTime iPhone App, both in Arabic and in English.
A dropbox for small commandline tools and scripts I build. Many for media management like image resizing or server admin, but otherwise a random grab-bag of unrelated stuff. Linux + OSX shortcuts. In git so I can find them again next year.
Basic robots.txt generator plugin for Hexo
j2ee work 5/6/7
Boilerplate template for grunt based projects

Documentation and examples for an introductory workshop about Boost
my ember.js practice

Small script which adapt the brightness of the screen with your web cam.

This repository will house R code for some programming exercises in a class on Computational Statistics. When I was taking this class, I often thought stumbling upon a repo like this would have been helpful. The work here is largely my own, but obviously 
Practice App



Source code syntax highlighting: C/C++/Prolog/... -- HLX --> HTML. (college course exercise)
C++ Templates - The Complete Guide
Example showing use of shoe, dnode and browserify to render cross-browser web page
Python introduction tutorial with some sample application

My personal page
Documentation for the Statamic CMS in Dash Docset format 

Ubuntu Server Guide
Small JS Library to queue CSS3 Animations
Documentation for the Internet Archive S3 API
just for fun - counts how many seconds/minutes/hours/days have been elapsed since last new years eve :)
Simple example of a Java ClassLoader that forcibly reloads from disk each class instance
a collection of effects all build with TweenLite or TweenMax.
A basic mapper to read/write POJO instances to a very compressed binary file format.  While working on another project, I originally was going to use Jackson to read/write POJO to JSON/XMl, but after looking at the overhead of saving large byte arrays I c
Created by studio
My dotfiles (zsh, tmux, vim, git)
My personal github page
Simple GeoPal python client
Testing
Implementation example of Spring-Hateoas (client wich consume and expose RESTful HATEOAS Service)Source from my article : http://bewilcox.blogspot.fr/2013/12/generer-lexposition-de-vos-entites-jpa.html
A demo application for illustrating the use of Broadcast Receiver and Monitoring Battery Status.
LightStor Standard Documentation



A simple backend-only PHP CMS.
SharePoint 2007/2010/2013 PowerShellscript to copy user permissions on all specified sites/subsites
GitHub Repo for MercuryOS
Coursework for CS 590 - Computational Microeconomics. Taught by Vince Conitzer, Duke University, Spring 2014. 
A demo application for illustrating the use of list view and adapters. It also consists the functionality of callbacks to change the items of the list view. (e.g. working of like/unlike button)

C# Demos

Basic shell script for create and delete apache virtual hosts.
template for wolfe projects 
An example project using Grunt with a Magento theme
Sample api client for Diffbot.com. This is just sample with one api call to article api of diffbot.Shared just for demo.
Some regex practice katas I made for a presentation.

A clone of casper, the default theme in ghost
jansegre.com site
these are small scripts that I have written to perform certain scientific computing tasks, namely for a course I have taken on quantitative economics
dot files
Just a simple Drop Down menu
My new site host by git pages.
for my working repository.


A test of github pages, with a bit of jekyll, listing some code related stuff I have done


RoR tutorial
Demo Yii App
A basic web page that uses a carousel using the bootstrap framework


My solutions to exercises from Kernighan & Richie "The C Programming Language" (Second Edition)
Git repository for work from 7 weeks 7 languages book


A collection of Twig tools and extensions
Documentation for the Trapper project
The code for my game, Periodic Alchemy.



data analysis lab

Simple programs using template meta-programming in C++.

Documentation wiki for using AppWarp On-Premise
Simple shopping cart in Ruby on Rails
Small application for Android what helps people learn multiply table. Made it for Android101 course
School Project - Create a tool that displays information about the disk
Demo of recoupling a decoupled project. Effective likelihoods and template parametrizations are hosted on the web.
A simple search component for K2
Miscellaneous configuration files from my Linux systems
My first app

Generate LateX contracts for my freelance consulting business from a client.yml file

Example of using Karma to test client side JS
The first app for the Ruby on Rails tutorial


Test-repo 3
This was a school assignment.
Set of screens that can be used to perform regression tests of operator interface.

Python 

Clone this and correct the jQuery errors!


The result of completing the django tutorial
personal webpage
This repository stores the projects I have developed
A small app, that's used in the Ruby Tutorial.
Creation of a simple blog

Documentation and Resources for the Minecraft Mod Station
I'm learning rails!
Code that I wrote to deeply understand how some general data structures function internally. A lot of pointer concepts covered. All code in C++.
Just practice with Ember JS
Rails

My final project for Python course
Personal page & blog
repo for recipe storage
Installs Ruby 2.x on Ubuntu 12.0.4.LTS from the Brightbox Ruby NG PPA.
vim dotfiles
Template I use to start my scala projects.
system for my mom to manage her expenses
Rails Demo App
a simple plugin that displays the browser window-width handily in the wp toolbar
This is a singly linked list implemented in C for my own personal practice. 
A simple and elegant implementation of Lisp on C#/.Net
Personal portfolio

Projects I created in my free time
Trying to get League of Legends stats GUI up and running. Personal use only so far
Testing GitHub out

Programming Practice
Testing timing analysis with chrono and std methods in C++. Running chrono requires using std c++11
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample app
Just testing Github Pages
AngularJS demo with Browserify.
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
This is the sample app from Rails Tutorial
The documentation for the Bootstrapper package
Original source of my blog posts. Written in Ghost flavoured Markdown (Haunted Markdown)
A website / theme for Small Victories.

My dotfiles
Hadoop 1.2.1 configuration directory on my MacBook
My (own) Sheltie Pedigree project written in Java generating all HTML from an XML, no database.
A command line tool & a small component to manage your proxies in your JS code
lithium test project
Saves state against an entity in MongoDB with simple constants and helper methods

Interested in making EntoLogic handle more programming languages? Have a look at the README
A personal theme for my ghost application.
My stuff created while studying, training, being trained, or playing.
A small helper module for image galleries in WordPress, using ACF.
Sample Code for Spring LWHS Device Invention Class
Source code for livetocode blog
A simple application for quickly converting subtitle files from SubRib (.srt) format to WebVTT (.vtt) format.
This plugin demonstrates how to add new visualizations to Datawrapper
Store data in local storage
A small game for GlobalGameJam 2011
The content files for the LCDM website at the University of Illinois.
The future home of my new website.
Textpattern files and styles for carloscuellar.net
This is my website.
a backup of the main site
This is the cookbook to deploy Cybera's network mapping tool. (https://github.com/cybera/network-mapping-tool)
This tutorial demonstrates how to use the Cloud API in Titanium Mobile. Specifically, the demo project will allow you to send a template based email to any recipient.

Collection of my solutions for algorithmic problems from infoarena.ro, written in C++.


A Makefile to build librumpuser on its own, useful if you want to fork it
packaging metadata for the freemarker preprocessor template engine
Learning how to program using ruby on rails
*Nix Security Scanner - a simple security scanner for Linux and Solaris hosts written in Perl that checks both that systems have been hardened and that they have not been compromised.



An example registration handler for setting up Salesforce with OpenID Connect


This repo is just testing the github streak strategy
My Engineering Graduation work about Textile RFID tag antena
vim config for cpp
The sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
List

Dating Python - A quick start guide to Python programming

The first project  for rails
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

A simple little android application which demonstrates how to intermingle some of today's most interesting technologies in the Android ecosystem: Dagger, Otto, android-priority-jobqueue, gradle and lightORM. All wrapped up in a neat MVC pattern. Nothing f
This repository accompanies the Tuts+ course PHP OOP Fundamentals

A simple plug-in for jQuery mobile which adds content to a list.

just test the facedetect function
DB Course Desktop Client + SQL Server Side

Single Page Nav is a light-weight and simple to use jQuery plugin



WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

A small library used to shadow polymorphic operators (and functions) contained in the stdlib.
Using Azure Active Directory with a WebAPI and testing via client console app
Zipios++ is a java.util.zip-like C++ library for reading and writing Zip files. Access to individual entries is provided through standard C++ iostreams. A simple read-only virtual file system that mounts regular directories and zip files is also provided.
Fork of the cleaver project (http://www.sci.utah.edu/cibc-software/cleaver-cibc.html)
Simple Grid with paging and search for Play Framework 2 based on Bootstrap

My configuration files for StumpWM

website
SCSS tutorial

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
test repository
FSOLA - First Steps Of Learning Algorithms
http://uva.onlinejudge.org/

Simple fog server and protocol.
Basic Ruby Control Panel

A basic assessment for Adapt that is attached to an article
learning to use git
An example of a basic solution setup for a brand new application.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Mirror of git://anongit.freedesktop.org/git/pixman
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

dotfiles
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Something to demo git use in class
my personal page
RFRateMe will help you promote your iPhone/iPad app without irritating your users. It's very simple to install, use and configure (If you need to change the default behavior).

Example plug-ins for GammaRay
Laika Compatible version of reFocus for Plex "Back to Blue Edition". Please switch to the plex_ht branch for the Plex/HT compatible version.
A simple "Gift List Manager". A little project to learn Play2! and practice Scala
Keller's Personal Game/Engine
xgl emacs setting
Read-only mirror of "countreg" from r-forge SVN.
Dotfiles. For me! My dotfiles.
Personal website
\N
A set of Emacs color themes based on Chris Kempson's 'tomorrow' themes
A clone of Gameboy Tetris using HTML5 canvas written in javascript.
A simple library for applying transformations to an input stream.

Working through some stuff in Haskell. Dangerously close to writing my own monad tutorial. They're like a burrito, man.
Cross-platform Paint.NET clone
Sublime Text 2 config files
Github mirror of  MediaWiki extension GlobalContributions - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing
swip is a SIP web phone working through a java applet. This is a fork() from sipappletjava.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Pong game for iOS course
Fork is maintained at https://github.com/guard/guard-brakeman Go there instead
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

ABAP Code sample
Try little programs, tests, algorithms with Ruby.
\N
Read-only mirror of "analogue" from r-forge SVN.
Various scripts I use
Mirror of http://drupal.org/project/panels_tabs provided by hubdrop.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A simple python program for solving Mastermind
My Blog source
Nokia Education Delivery documentation
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A Python Turtle program I created
My personal website
:video_game: A list of popular/awesome videos games, add-ons, maps, etc. hosted on GitHub. Any genre. Any platform. Any engine.
chuo.me Blog
Code Examples for my blog
Demo site for my session at DrupalDownUnder 2012
My emacs configuration, written as literate elisp
The package can implement the graph-based reconstruction and
(DEPRECATED) My first html game start.

A set of extern classes for Haxe that wrap the Titanium API (http://developer.appcelerator.com/).
This is a collection of useful Oracle SQL and shell scripts that I frequently use
Some exercices
deprecated

Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/ad_google_maps/. Updated daily with svn2git.
vim configuration files
gap proxy clone from code.google.com/gapproxy

vim setting
simple twitter clone
A mirror of the official Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup source code repository, updated daily. Please direct all pull requests to the official repository on Gitorious.
Just a little Galaga clone written in Java.
Jekyll Blog
A minimal online chatroom implemented using HTML5's Websockets with a Ruby back end.   It's pretty basic right now, and probably won't be useful to many people.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror


A simple and free CMDB app written in Ruby on Rails
Mirror of Alfresco Community Edition (see https://wiki.alfresco.com/wiki/GitHub)
My Resume in LaTeX
A simple web based school management system.
My Github Page
The Laughing Man logo implemented in pure HTML/CSS
Win32 code example to list all the imports within the executable, very useful aid to understanding PE executables and the API calls they are trying to use from various DLL's.
WPoniOS - Rest API is a plugin which provide a rest interface in WordPress CMS.
Fork of mapsforge - https://code.google.com/p/mapsforge/
This mirror is not being updated, and will be deleted.
No longer supported see - https://github.com/meh/ruby-tesseract-ocr
A small, fast and simple 3D scene graph vector engine for JavaScript based on the HTML 5 canvas technology
collection of scripts I use to handle locales at Diaspora
my project euler stuff
