FuelPHP Framework - Composer Framework Component installer

Pomodoro task management application
A Teamcity plugin for building Unity3d projects. NOTE: this has an MIT license so feel free to copy / adapt as you need to.

Bind to the `beforecopy`, `copy`, `aftercopy`, and `copy-error` events, custom DOM-like events for clipboard injection generated using jQuery's Special Events API and ZeroClipboard's Core module.
Keep track of things you want to get done.

XNA real time strategy game with era system and multiplayer support.
A jQuery Mobile theme for UF
Memorize is written in Java and uses Leitner flashcards to make memorizing facts not only more efficient but also more fun. jMemorize manages your learn progress and features categories, Unicode flashcard texts, statistics and an intuitive interface.
This module provides utilities for Speech To Text Engine of Apache Stanbol.
Mods for Minetest created by me
node.js AGI (Asterisk Gateway Interface)
jQuery phZoom Plugin
JQuery imagesloaded plugin registration for the Plone CMS

in this file, projects written in Haskell exist
Wordpress music web site.
An implementation of a trie in C.
Node.js Version of MMSG for Chinese Word Segmentation
Python implementation of URI Template
Gis Application development course work
Conquest on Rails is a browser-based wargame.
REST supervision app client for android devices. Part of my degree
This is a plugin that makes it simpler to create, control, and animate x3dom based scenes using jQuery.
Upload de arquivo utilizando o JSF + Primefaces + Hibernate
solver for bubble blast 2 game on android
Python script for monitoring rule production, latency, token frequency, etc.
Javascript client library and app for CKAN data hub software
Mosquitto security plugin.
A browser extension/add-on to filter tweets. Currently, supporting Google Chrome.and Mozilla Firefox (15+)
a memory game written for kivy
koshinuke java server implementation
KNVS is a light weight javascript library for canvas animations
Some resources that can be used for workshops an courses on Dojo Ajax Toolkit
Measured Voice AWS deployment tools
:izakaya_lantern: ambilight clone for your arduino and some WS2801s using boblight

The neutrino programming language
Helper for add social share feature in your Rails app. Twitter, Facebook, Weibo, Douban, QQ ...
An extension of Neuro to provide a "sync" component.
Handwriting app for Android
A touch controller for cocos2d used for pinch-zooming and panning around
Tools for Energy Model Optimization and Analysis
server gateway for cmpp3.0
Emacs setup (CSS / Erlang / HTML / Javascript / Lisp)
Chrome extension to auto-update your twitter stream without clicking to load new tweets.
Library Catalog Hierarchy Access Retrieval and Manipulation System
Freifunk KBU information page
Advanced file transfer plugin for phonegap
Albion 2 Engine "light"
Galera Cluster documentation
Spring MVC sample project, which is using iBatis. Now it's still under construction.
Java backend library for magus
open source content management
Implement your own server using the redis protocol
A Zend app in which users can have multiple authentication and api providers (Facebook, Twitter, Google)
Show death messages in the server console/log. Plugin for Bukkit.
GitHub version of the Google Code Smarty
Redislite is a software library that implements a self-contained, serverless, zero-configuration, redis-compatible database engine.
Vim plugin that changes the color of the statusbar of the focused window according with the current mode (normal/insert/replace)
Jenkins plugin for JBoss.org project analysis tool Tattletale

Zone file based multicast DNS Server
Second Server side implementation for ohmage server

Use FB to create process registration and create WordPress users (not FB Connect)
Iptables Puppet Module (for host based firewalling)
A single process monitor for embedding into a plugin or extension.
Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) / Super Famicom emulator (based on SNES9X) for iOS (iPhone/iPad)
The slave-side of the marrow.monitor server monitoring solution.
Bootstrap is a toolkit from Twitter designed to kickstart development of web apps and sites.
Chef cookbook for Neo4J Server (Community Edition)
white elephant helper

school life app
WordPress plugin to limit search to the post title when adding links to content or adding pages to a menu.
Support App for TextMate2 bundles requiring stand-alone HTML output window
Learn how to program by solving & creating physics based puzzles (like Angry Birds)
Supplement the Facebook ios sdk with Blocks & NSOperation goodness
Redmine to github converter script
A visual guide to the wonders of Unicode
Admin UI to allow the removal of sample / test data.
Library to interact with bankserv
A Latex presentation template which looks like a Keynote presentation
Mobile application written using the Ionic Framework for an School project.
Code for SMARTX analysis
AgMIP Web Services API

Experimental Distributed File System
Peer-to-Peer secure backup system. Spreads encrypted pieces of a  file over a p2p network.
Building a global consciousness from the bottom up. InterMix is designed not so much to surmount as to go around the organizational boundary problems that prevent civil society from uniting in earnest. GNU Affero General Public License, version 3 (GNU AGP
An Ace of Spades clone / fork / experiment, written in Python and using Pyglet for OpenGL.

Collection of packages about HTML/XML tags.
The prestashop html module
A tool for manual and automatic content analysis
Bookmarking application for windows using wxWidgets and tinyxml2 written in C++
A repository for open source sample code for few often used functionalities used in Xamarin iOS.
Skeleton MEAN application with some standard tools like Bower, etc.
tcp socket server and client communication
Festival de Ideias
An intro application for the Ionic framework
a template system on top of taskjuggler for task planning, scheduling, manning and costing.

Advanced application that recovers the Master Passwords of Laptops - http://sourceforge.net/projects/passwordrecoverytool/?source=navbar
send SMS and Twitter ruby script
Site
Heavy Development Noob Code C# MineCraft Server
A custom file system navigator for Pythonista.
A Python parser for the Amazon Kindle "My Clippings.txt" file
Java applet that uses linear programming (gurobi) to solve fair cake-cutting problems
JQuery image and content slider
App created using larval.
A little android app to taste the beginning of programming in this platform
android logo with css
A Protobuild template for an empty console project.
Use easily the DJ Shield for Arduino by Nootropic Design https://nootropicdesign.com/djshield
Stylesheets for Documentation Pages
continue sequence of functions, is very lightweight and powerful function queue for javascript (NodeJS and ...)
Open Source Twitch Bot
Java Generics Refactoring Tool for Inferring Wildcards

a group of tools base on ANT
Go client library for ConoHa API
A Windows 8.1 application which translates text in billboards to foreign languages. 

A Star Trek themed, text based game written in Python, which showcases the power of the Raspberry Pi.
LaTex Resume
sample spring application with multiple command patterns which are injected into a list so they can be processed
Go library for connecting to the Twitch pseudo-IRC, TMI.

Micro-framework for Golang web servers
A Sentry notification plugin for HipChat
Framework version for PCL 4.5 - Profile 78 (Xamarin) Code taken from https://github.com/Quobject/EngineIoClientDotNet
Generate a podcast RSS feed from your Pinboard bookmarks
Discobots Splash Page
C++ virus (+ keylogger) with PHP/JS backend

This repository contains the "Individual posts per page" extension for phpBB 3.1+
Maintain a set of offscreen cells and use them to help calculating dynamic cell size in sizeForItemAtIndexPath
2 player volleyball game written in C using x11 graphics
Source for blog. Middleman site.
Initial Ecommerce site using bootstrap

ESPToy is an Arduino-compatible gadget for the ESP8266 WiFi module
 A Python script that render a .svg file into .png files in the correct resolution for Drawables in Android. Developed for
A post install script I've created to add repositories, update the system and install the applications I need on Ubuntu.
A mini Netflix clone web app built in Node.js that uses TheMovieDB and Rotten Tomatoes movie data

Collection of scripts for different analysis.
Compiles decaf language into java bytecode.  Utilized Lex and Yacc.  Written in C++.
Landing page!!!
React + Golang API with Postgres
Resume template made with latex (theme isn't acheved for now)
Typetalk API Golang library
fresh laravel copy

CS 344G website
Copy files to a remote host using WinRM
a crappy javascript particle physics simulator
Expreso Gran Muralla Website done in HTML/CSS/jQuery
A Pacman clone made in Unity - C# / high scores / progressive levels / AI
A Processing project to generate all the github default avatars
A Git mode plugin built using the ShellCommand plugin, which makes customisation and adding new commands, super easy.
Configuration scripts for a Raspberry Pi + Camera
Microformats 2 Version of Underscores Starter Theme with Indieweb Support
linked list implementation in javascript
Web Rollout Project

Interprets Scheme.  Written in Scheme.
Implement a ruby program that returns a string and its substrings e.g. (Below => below, low)
An open source, plug-in based, and completely modular chat client.
Allows you to create field that allows multiple selection of records, such as tags, compliant with Bootstrap 3
Remote notebook interface for running perl code
Sample benchmarks for various BinarySeriazliers
FreeBSD jail management tool relying heavily on ZFS
Fluent Html Helper for Asp.net MVC
Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015.
Chrome extension that allows you to easily quote webpage snippets
backbonejs and mojolicious based todo list
Simplified Chinese translation project for the Battle for Wesnoth.
practice for CodeForces (http://codeforces.com/)
wifi scripts

An Unrolled Linked List.
tiny library for manipulating bits in JavaScript
elasticbeanstalk dirs shareable, better status updates, aws fab tasks integration, improved version tagging
Minecraft/ComputerCraft Lua Scripts
Web Application Template based on Silex
Java Video Blog - vlog application
Sound recorder android application
macos command line tool of generate qr image and copy to clipboard
Various iOS related sample projects.
Command-line tool to download Google Spreadsheets as JSON files.
Keikogi Application Template (bootstrap)
This modules adds improvements for searching in the product list.
It's a library to manage all your background work in your app

A repository that contains all the code for kaggle knowledge competitions.
This is a my web game bult in HTML5 and Javascript and without use of any additional frameworks, engines or libraries.
For latest version, please refer to http://www.sigchi.org/publications/chipubform/sigchi-extended-abstracts-latex-template/view
A tool to help organic synthetic chemists in exploring, evaluating and planning synthesis of novel and known organic (and possibly organo-metallic) molecules.

Multithread version
A Chrome Extension to Log Cookies for Further Analysis
this WordPress plugin allows you to display your delicious bookmarks on a post depending on its categories or tags.
This is an extension for wp-pro-quiz plugin of Wordpress. This extension displays individual users score at the bottom of their profile page. 
Single page aplication adds maintainer written by AngularJS

Ffs - Framework From Scratch built for research purposes. Reinventing the wheel, every functionality without using the power of Open Source
Philadelphia Sports Trivia Game
Including sonar plugin
Send sms to everyone you want
Instructional app for Intro to iOS App Development with Swift
HTML to Image Conversion API
Chef cookbook for the Distributed Grep web app
This is a .NET Micro Framework Library for working with the Amazon S3 Rest API.
for windows: shho.exe; for mac: shho; source code: reg.py

Python Program to covert speech to text
a utility in assembly to move files according to type of data 
Website for client9.com 2015
you can make a android application rapidly
dammIT theme/templates for kontent CMS
Format your commit-message and promote from vim
Project enables deployment of Spring SAML applications in Google Application Engine.
An ipython notebook to help with school spelling homework
Phase 4 Ematrix site. Skeleton, SASS, Cleaner Git. The final frontier of this work.
NeverCat Wordpress theme, based on Zurb Foundation 5

jabba the hud. yet another generic hud/ui engine
Some random plugins and shit
Script to explain an Apertium translation in terms of its parts.
A turn-based game in the terminal based off of Pokemon
GitHub Pages Website!
iOS client for UOless
Custom tools and scripts for Leadwerks
SifAPI is written for swift (Apple programming language), which manages REST API calling & returning results magically.
Embedding scripting elements into HTML pages that activate as you scroll.
The Dark Vortex web game

A javascript client based mesh processing tool. Built using vcg library, emscripten and webgl
A multi-platform game framework in C# using Portable Class Libraries
A Client-Server custom mail service program created under the Toronto District School Board Netowrk. 
Slovenian Student Meals System web application - implementation in ASP.NET MVC
social-share This is used for implements social services sharing buttons to your website.  It helps to create buttons with minimum coding effort.
Chrome extension
Language development by @literallybenjam
Install profile (deprecated: use webfact-make project)
Copy of the 'rc' shell source (http://tobold.org/article/rc)
1294's robot and dashboard software for the 2015 season
Starter ansible template for new site project.
Blog application for MOCC class
Website - for showing Strava.com Best Efforts
Tracking faces captured from the webcam device with opencv using Haar Feature-based Cascade Classifier.
Free Learning is a module which enables a student-focused and student-driven pedagogy that goes by the same name as the module. Read more about Free Learning at http://rossparker.org/free-learning.
Litvinenko\\Common\\Object class that powers Varien Object class with data validation rules taken from 'illuminate\\validation' package
A salty-ass 100% verified hacker status python script to turn apple id's into apple crisp #nicememe
Android app builder
App for university
University assignment 
JWM App Menu Generator based on great work done with fbmenugen: http://trizenx.blogspot.com/2012/02/fbmenugen.html
iOS app for Epiquote webiste, written in Swift

University assignment 
Searches cuts in a video file.
iOS app for Epiquote webiste, written in Swift
Blog App
Series of introductory sessions to julia (http://julialang.org/)
Arduiono & Raspberry code to run an automated cat feeder
Go FIDO U2F Library. This Go package implements the parts of the FIDO U2F specification required on the server side of an application.
Wordpress Theme based on the free mystile theme by WooThemes. Requires Wooframework to work properly.
:dancers: Tween is a lightweight easing library. Written in C++03
some ios tech snippets
Persistent job queue for iOS based on NSOperation and sqlite.
fizzbuzz created using CoffeeScript and mocha for testing
Creates KMP skip array and BM skip array using KMP and BM search algorithms.  Searches specified text file for strings contained in another text file.
Sample cocoa-pod creation project
System of particle with collisions.
Sample apps covering various scenarios with a single page of HTML (using Angular) and Spring Security

tempest scenarios upto 02/01/2015
Programming challenges from Codewars and HackerRank
This repository contains source code for the OpenKantu trading system generator, which uses price action based rules for the automatic generation of trading strategies. For binaries please go to mechanicalforex.com
rpc framework  based on python3, asyncIO and aiozmq. Run IPython and asyncio together!
Reverse engineered Python API for Weiyun (Tencent's cloud storage service)

Configuration for awesomewm, based on Legospacy's config.
NodeJS request library as HTTP API
Some programs of angularJs
Is a javascript library based on snap.svg that permit to use .svg images files as templates to create web andon/control panels with dynamic data loaded from a json data source.
this is repository for all wordpress theme component from PSD to PHP
ec2-elastic-ip init script for ubuntu.  This will allow you to set the user-data and hostname for an amazon spot instance
Tumblr theme for making a gif catalog. 

A sample spring-boot app using using spring- mvc/social library to retrieve the favorites of a twitter handle.
vagrant  docker host( ubuntu trusty 32bit)  - build libreoffice
html coding project
File watcher in Julia - can be used to auto-run unit tests etc
Pelican Theme Masonary Redux
LpiAssetLoader is a zend framework 2 module that helps manage the loading of front-end custom or bower javascript and css assets.
Application package
Pelatihan Android Indonesia - Android Studio
Framework for testing trading strategies
Share/Print/Open files with the native activity view controller in your Titanium app
Barebones CMS - SSO server/client integration plugin
code to generate video os PCR
Pelatihan Android Indonesia - Android Studio
A yeoman generator for a project that compiles to a single HTML file.
Abstract WSN simulator: an optimised version of Fast 
git hooks for intermixing SVN and git repositories. Intended for use in versioning Unity projects without storing massive amounts of binary files in git.
An app that allows salespeople to log cars
Mobile app that provides a medical control with some helps like drugs&doctors guide and reminders
LANScan Project in Bachelor's Degree
Realm.io Android data browser
Educational implementation of a Generic HashTable in C++
An open-source implementation for picking files/folders out of an online API

Introduction to development of multiplayer HTML5 games (with Socket.io)
MoneyCalculator project for Softwaare engineer 2 
An Image Filter On iOS

Wrapper of zookeeper's four letters command and web monitor
Remaster Debian or Ubuntu based ISOs
A sample project for listening to incoming call and send number to web server
Github page

A data-only container for docker-stash
An Embeddable General Purpose Macro Processor - http://xpp.symisc.net/
Evenly fills folders by files
Platform that aggregates de best technologies to dynamically teach and learn between dynamic groups.
PatternLab Style Guide for OvrC
IQToolkit Contrib is a project for providing classes to work with the IQToolkit providers.
The Official Drinkbot Repository
Visual FoxPro Entity Framework Provider for EF6
A template project structure for a PHP component. Includes config for Travis-CI, Coveralls and Scrutinizer.
Control an old-school analogue Scalextric set with a MindWave Mobile brain computer interface and an Arduino.
Build of libgit2-backends for use with pygit2 (WIP)
Framework for building module loaders with very little effort
Arduino uses servo motor to point toward the direction of a sound source using phidget sound sensors.
TM-EDITABLE is a jquery plugin, which provides In-Place edit and Delete of the html input elements with some stunning themes.
Program for playing go, written in Elm
A Meteor app that prompts you to fill out a questionnaire every 30 minutes as you're working
A data-only container for docker-jira
Docker image with a build of Dropbox Pyston
docker image for building dropbox's pyston 
Web Drive for File Exchange 
Elasticsearch plugin to list installed plugins
Attraction and repulsion using Shiffman's flocking algorythm
Swift code for the iOS version of the AUDL client application for iOS 8 and greater. 
Automatic Gain Correction relative to a reference spectra based on minimised chi sqared
Cloud tools to monitor and manage cloud servers. Great alternative to some expensive tools
Sala de treinamento
A Docker image for Jira.
Javascript page that draws infinite, random DOM style squares.
Experiment of automated front-end with back-end build along with TDD JS development
NIH Wayfinding Tools (Prototype)
This is a repository which contain all the django examples of ninjahoahong
Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a Blob string.
Multiple data prediction models - Along with Function Library
Emacs customization I can't seem to live without.
static front-end project template
This is a sequential and parallel code in Parallel Java 2, for the Lagrange theorem that says, "Every natural number can be represented as a sum of square of four integers " 
Class for searching mimetypes and realizing operation with them
Python class to read in, store, and analyze phonon eigenvalues and eigenvectors.
New codebase for the SGFC file uploader.
FenixEdu Academic Thesis Component
A html parser for ComputerCraft
Nim module for converting CSV to JSON
Angular client consuming deployed web services in the "RestBookmarkManager" project
How to communicate with an Arduino board using a Java application.
java programming with version 8


Google chrome browser extension converting price to working hours
Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a BlobKey.
various scripts created by me
Total Backup Script
Jekyll blog and source for site
GrepBugs Plugin for Notepad++
Configure APT system

A proof of concept that browserify encapsulates jQuery object
Mac OS X library for vim-xkbswitch plugin
Ruby on Rails Social Network App
Chats is a PHP/JQuery Ajax based instant messaging system.
Search text on website for bible references and create a link to verse on bible.com

Allows you to easily create your own rune builds for your monsters 
A much needed login page for Fatcow-hosted email accounts
Taco package for Java
One-file php app for displaying screenshots.
App where a user can create, update, edit, or destroy users.
HTC One (E8) kernel source for building TWRP recovery with Omni 5.0 tree
SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This project offers the functionality for relocating assets to an external file while storing the contents in a MySQL database. 
Docker base builds of OPAM and OCaml in various combinations
Inject any function to execute custom script, get/set arguments and result, cancel function execute, Inject callback function to change argument's value.
A lightweight Python library that can be used to get live data from IG Markets REST and STREAM API with a LIVE or DEMO account
Wordpress all in one Docker container
first attempt on datomic storage using couchbase
Braintree package for Meteor <deprecated>
A minimal and static blog engine written in Go.
SKU generation using base conversion
Nim module for parsing EPUB documents
Use twentyfifteen-child theme and Grunt in Wordpress
A collection of miscellaneous AppleScripts
[BACKUP] A CGI script to parse Markdown files with the PHP-MarkdownExtended package
Projects start guide for wordpress
WPSeek for iOS
SQL Server Reporting Services - Transfert tools (2008, 2012, 2014)

Python code implementing the Miller-Rabin primality test
The slots game in jQuery flavored JS!
A Wordpress theme based on some like it neat
Console game tetris written in C#
An open-source initiative for Entity Framework profiler
A webjar for jquery-payment (https://github.com/stripe/jquery.payment)

A library extending Xojo's iOS feature by adding extension modules and classes.
Created Headspring Rolodex Project

An RFID door latch written in Energia for the SPSU aerial robotics team. Reads standard MIFARE tags with 4-byte UIDs.
A mod creation tool for Starbound written with C#.
Atom Editor theme which aims to render exactly like Twilight on TextMate 2
Online trainer for the Set card game
A utility tool for pushing notifications from the parse backend. Supported push devices include android, iOS and windows phone
Suleyman Demirel University console application
Ruby on Rails project website 
"fake" spinning wheel with jquery and javascript
command line tool to validate project materials
Atom package to automatically copy selected text to the clipboard
This applications was written in order to experiment with the ways a JEE web application must be configured to successfully deploy it to various (free) cloud providers like Heroku or OpenShift.
this script may be used for check usename avilability when making a register form..
github page
Web interface for the sponos-server repo
Cross-platform Python-based audio splitter for WAV files
main launch page for STEM-Dev
A Github 404 page, modification but still kind of the same

Music Web App
This is an open source lighting board OS build to work on any x86 capable device.
Github IO Pages Blog for Web Development
Implementation of Gost Grasshopper Encryption Algorithm. This program implements the test vectors set provided in the reference document provided by the Standartinform, Moscow, Russian Federation.
This java program uses the data structures of a linked list, a hash table, and a binary search tree to create a dictionary program that can take multiple data types.  Iterators and wrappers are used to help navigate the data structures.
A micro PHP router, ready to REST
Django users RESTful API using Tastypie
Swype / Google Keyboard attempt for the web
Zelda-like games for the shell
Node.JS app that generates newsletter from JSON data file
Node.js serialport <-> MQTT gateway
WordPress plugin that adds an XML-RPC method to check for updates (core, plugins, themes).
A node.js passport provider for Microsoft Azure Active Directory
PubNub go-client wrapper
jQuery plugin to achieve a smooth pull-down.
Utility to find the years for your movie files and rename them accordingly
The HTTPS-Only Standard for federal domains (M-15-13), and helpful implementation guidance.


Fuzzy Intrusion Detection Engine written in Python. For a Masters assignment; ingests datasets similar to NSL-KDD dataset.
Docker base builds of Jane Street Core using the OCaml/OPAM images
Sample Design Implementation
This is a repository which holds the tex-file of Diplomarbeit.
A hubot script for interacting with Cachet

The source code for jordykirkman.com
Art Website Osiris
iOS app to improve fluid intelligence
Documentation for ICT TAO-A
Minidlna image for docker
PHP class to locate, play sounds, and lock iOS devices
Helpers for vagrant environment variable setting for docker apps.
A website for the Taylorview Stake Trek 2015
This repository contains a script to run the spatial Boyce Continuous Index using the idrpy (idrtools) framework.  
A Python library for the Munsell colour system
Pi-Powered VPN Client Gateway: installation documentation and related files.
containing kaldi scripts and files used in statical pattern recognition

Convenient way to store all your files(read configs) and folders(containing alot of configs) in one folder for version controll.
Useful utility and design template classes for Java 8
A little C++ 'bank app' that takes input from the console and saves data to a txt file
Utility for adopt non-linguist Qt program on national languages to Qt Linguist requirements.
React Components and Mixins for Boomstrap
Extras plugin for the OpenMediaVault VDR plugin.
Just a beautiful, minimal photoblog solution in PHP.
Sample Project - Trying to figure out the how to send an email
Added infinite scrolling to wordpress plugin official-wordpress-events
A wrapper for Spotify Web API that use Volley as backend.
Set of functions to mine and organize Riot's API
An open source tortoise robot.
Leiningen plugin for static sites compiling
Membuat program data buku dengan menggunakan teknik minimum sorting
A JSONWP test automation client for C++
[ C# / Winforms ] Spreadsheet program for CptS 322 (Software Engineering I).
This is an API for Arduino which support I2C communication. Using this library can scan to get the I2C messages get send a message to another device
N2O application skeleton based on http://blog.crashdump.io/hello-n2o.html
Bot scripts for RagesossBot, a Wikipedia bot that uses the pywikibot framework
croptastic jQuery, Canvas, and Raphael-based picture cropping widget.
Audio player jQuery Plugin
Generate fake random data for fantasy-climate projects. Currently supports only Polish language.
Fizz Buzz App

Node.js to provide a runtime to support Coffeescript asset precompilation

Tool for watching prices on Amazon
Chrome extension to show the latest Astronomy Picture of the Day
An API and command-line interface for sending messages via Pushover, written in ANSI C
Mapping Islamicity of all World Countries and OIC members
An OpenSource FeedReader, based on https://github.com/AWDevCorner/FeedReader-step-by-step , works great with WordPress.
Analysis code for UMD Fermilab Test Beam Facility data from Dec 2014
Grad school portfolio
UIkit components built with React

library to serialize java objects to XML, json, php, yaml, python, ruby, ...
Manuscript for Intro-to-Probability
Node module for getting your weatherdata from osanywhereweather
node.js custom template parser
Render mathjax text in SVG
Boxstarter and chocolatey configurations for Windows-based development machines
Filterjs is a client-side html element filterer with criteria
A greenish blog theme for Middleman. Responsive, fast and pretty!
Open Source Android Artifact Parser
For libraries and other users of library electronic resources (databases). Collect COUNTER compliant usage statistics via SUSHI, analye, and report.
brandingbrand github pr tool
minimal script to help find script into de nse database
Docker image with NGINX / PHP 5.6
Node.js bindings for the FluidSynth software synthesizer.
bookkeeping website

starting structure for flux react app
Quick and Clean wordpress plugin starterkit ; A plugin boilerplate to add custom codes in wordpress features & theme, an agile alternative to function.php in theme
Tiny app for serving up a random video intro. Intended for use with Plex.
Working with node.js
a multi-platform source code translation language and tool
repository to keep track of Ez3D Phoenix parts and upgrades. For all to use. 
cms bootstrap for nodejs projects focussing on emberjs
2015 ESUC website
Vinegar-Site
Open Web Integrated Development Environment - full stack framework and IDE for bare-metal development in HTML5, CSS3, JS, WebAudio, WebRTC and more. 
A complete Minecraft-related PHP website package.
Base PHP application skeleton.
Given locations of roads and intersections as points this program draws a map and is capable of finding the shortest distance between 2 points. Completed in Spring 2014. 
Object Oriented WordPress Plugin
Node.js API helper module
A CRUD To-Do List Backend
A reference implementation for the communicating with the Unity Rest system.
Mobile Application Development - WINTER 2015
Logging library for console/service (hybrid service) applications. Depending on the run mode will write to console or file.
The website to accompany the Stanford Open Source Academy's Spring 2015 session SWI-Prolog group
Scoped style sheets as a web component.

Generate RFC conforming strings for an FTP server connection.
A website with JQuery functionality that I put together for the final project of a JavaScript class.
Have you ever wanted to see where you stand on recent GitHub Issue work for a repository, this is the thing for you.

Barebones CMS - SSO Server/Client Page Protection widget
So far this is a generic game engine built with Ogre3D, Bullet Physics, SDL and Raknet. It is built around a component system and uses messaging between components. I aim to build a first person shooter with it that draws inspiration from Halo/Call of Dut
Base Vagrantfile and dummy box. Can be forked for each new VM that is created. Uses the vagrant-vsphere plugin.

A Docker container for running iperf3 in client or server mode
Project to try to figure out and do something with an Intel P8085 processor that I salvaged. Building a minimal 8-bit computer.
Android Dev Projects

Various enhancements, experiments and outright hacks of Mutable instruments firmware code
MAPPIAMO main repository. The geoCMS for mapping site built with <3, openstreetmap, leaflet, bootstrap, php, mysql....
UIViewController category that provides safe iOS7 compatible access to UITraitCollection object by exposing new property mbTraitCollection on a UIViewController.
:thumbsdown: [Deprecated] The 6to5 formatter for library authors.
Vagrant based environment propelled by chef-solo which gives you working RStudio server environment.
:wrench: Some tools for contributing to Homebrew
Dropbox helper for removable drive management
A plugin for coverage.py to measure Django template execution
[Deprecated] [iOS] Flick in a scrollable area in Jailbroken iOS to scroll to that point (concept: http://simurai.com/blog/2012/09/13/flick-scrolling/).
(Perl) Convert Pod to InDesign's Tagged Text format
Helper for Algorithm Competitions
Convert Chrome extension locale and manifest files Firefox compatible ones
The classic game of yahtzee.


Chinese Text Segmentation Data for jiebaR Package
validation library
A Mongo storage provider for the PropertyGraph.jl package
Kerbal Space Program mod to swap roll/yaw axes
Angular text and textarea fields implemented using contenteditable attribute.
Single web page to interface with the tasklist-api
haroo cloud api stack
Program that aids the user with time management, User clocks on and off from selected tasks and usage statistics are generated to help provide insight on where time was spent.
Swift version of the joind.in iOS app, using API v2
An application (Epichrome.app) and Chrome extension (Epichrome Helper) to create and use Chrome-based SSBs on Mac OSX.
interactive treemap with text or image content
Setup all the things on your workstation with Ansible
Scripts for working with data from Google Finance
This extension allows you to resize/rotate images from Caja.

Source code of the http://nantesparcours.lafamillebn.net web site

Relevant .m files for simulation
An open source Pusher server implementation compatible with Pusher client libraries written in GO
C++/C template based on mako
Interpreting XML tables from Tally into datatables using R
Batyr is a web application that can be used to improve listening skills.
This is the hOurworld iOS mobile application
/dev/null equivalent of connect-session
Discrete Event System Toolkit and inTeractive Environment
Synchronize a directory with a Mikrotik address list
 :date: The VObject library for PHP allows you to easily parse and manipulate iCalendar and vCard objects
A plugin framework to perform image capturing,  colour extraction, post processing and colour output - primarily  for use with lighting systems such as for ambient lighting.
A Gwt compiler written in Gwt using Java 8, Elemental, JsInterop and Web Components (Polymer)

Table Component for elisp
backend API server running on Falcon framework and alcohol. Ciders & Lagers not included. 
Caputure screen to video file on mac. Implementation of Apple's OpenGL example code with GUI and ability to caputure mouse movements added. Can choose export format, codec, and quality. (Cocoa - Apple Mac OSX 10.5.8 - XCode 3.2 Project)
Android application which emulates functionality of a Call Centre

a text editor
PEDSIM is a microscopic pedestrian crowd simulation system. It is suitable for use in crowd simulations (e.g. indoor evacuation simulation, large scale outdoor simulations), where quantitative measurements like pedestrian density or evacuation time matter
When I browse a subreddit, I like to open all the new links in new Chrome tabs to cruise through them faster. This opens all of them at once!
An automated tool for importing media files in Open Access articles into Wikimedia Commons
SCSS version of normalize.css
Rsync SNApshot baCKUP transfer and replication tools
Aptible's Support and Documentation Site
The !CHAOS project, an INFN (www.infn.it - Italian National Institute of Nuclear Physics) project, is aiming at the development of a new concept of control system and data acquisition framework providing, with a high level of abstraction, all the services
DEPRECATED: Tools for Documenting JS (and Friends) with Sphinx
A script to convert SVG files to Raphael JS.
An improved ft command for Vim
Create a recurring date and query it to see if it lands on a particular date.
Web application framework for React by Red Badger
Search pastebin for keywords using python

Source app for Bloc Chat project using Firebase

This component provides pose data for a tracked object in the qualisys motion  tracking system. It uses a TCP connection to the QTM server to transfer live  tracking data
sneaksync program to synchronize large files sets using a smaller cloud-based shared directory (like dropbox)
This module caches the common Zend\\* classes used by your application into a single cache file, reducing reliance on the autoloader. This greatly improves the performance of ZF2.
A high-level library for traversing the OS storage model.
A website for converting (and testing) HTML 2 Jade
Skia is a complete 2D graphic library for drawing Text, Geometries, and Images

A plugin template for WordPress. Initialize a new plugin, build, and include desired libraries.
Compute community variograms, carry out null modeling, and and graph results
Client library for the Player (operation system for robots) in pure Ruby
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/claroline-rest-api
Ethernet shield based on ATMega644 micro-controller and ENC28J60 network chip
A jQuery plugin to build a website on the infinite canvas
[Magento Extension] It allows frontend developer to send ajax requests and return a custom information from the server without a php developer help (without any php code).

When finished, Cookbook will be a resource for working with the Envato Marketplace API. It'll provide code snippets and examples for a variety of languages.
Nibiru Mobile is a framework for developing portable mobile applications created at Oxen.
DomainMOD is an open source application written in PHP & MySQL used to manage your domains and other internet assets in a central location. DomainMOD also includes a Data Warehouse framework that allows you to import your web server data so that you can v
An extension for Joomla! that put on your site a floating box, that contains social media buttons. The extension also puts buttons into the articles.
WifiCamera is a Python module for controlling the network camera CS-W07G-CY.
2015 Election Analyser
Freehand Paint for Android
An interpreter for the Concur programming language written in C.
Projeto de tradutor do Script JNS para linguagem NCL
This is a free APi to create dinamically QR Codes. Support several types of images like PNG, SVG, EPS.
Calendar Model Class for perl
Lakeland Website
AGL is not another Game Library
3D scene creation engine
Not just the fastest Admin finder
jQuery based tool to sort items into containers with some additional bells and whistles to make the whole process smoother and more intuitive
A library that simplifies the exposure of data through REST interfaces in a secure, scope dependent way. Basically transforms internal data into whatever a client of your API has the right to see.
\N

PegLite implementation for Ruby
DEPRECATED! (Not supported + code base is not so good) Need to work with vk.com in your Android app? Just use Android-VK-Api library!
2D jQuery based mapping system for games
HTML version of Finicky for eventual use with Phonegap.
A c# library for communicating wit the GE NetworX Alarm System using the NX-584
Time Machine is a neat way to visualize the development of a web projected tracked with git.
javascript integrated queries
Ejemplo de llamadas entre actividades en Android - FINISHED
A password generator I can trust
A centralized suite of extensions for the TTYtter Twitter client. These extensions add features such as sound notifications, text to speech, and more.
[Deprecated! Use MenuItemKit instead] UIMenuItem with Image Support
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/numberlinegame
[DEPRECATED] Write the templates in your Meteor Application using Handlebars and Jade instead of HTML and Handlebars
Images Lazy Load for jQuery
A PHP 5.3+ framework for Robots.txt
A Ruby on Rails web application for sharing iPhone panorama photos
A Vim color scheme based on Jason W Ryan's miromiro Vim color file and dark terminal color scheme.

Plugin to write WordPress themes w Object-Oriented Code and the Twig Template Engine
Justly Done - Open Source Productivity
This is a UILabel category which allows you to insert Emojis you use in Campfire, GitHub, Basecamp, Turntable.fm, Teambox, Trac and Flowdock without the need to calculate where to insert some UIImages representing the Emojis.
Reactive Extensions bindings for jQuery
A set of unix scripts I like to use
The documentation for the DDSC Lizard API.
Normalizer for honeypot data.
Version 2 of chorus, complete re-write, still in development, Considered pre-release and many things might change before first release.... 

a Web UI autotest framework based on Selenium and TestNg. Now the project has been moved to NetEase https://github.com/NetEase/Dagger
A Ruby-based DSL for generating plausible fake data.


Poopie Wars! (an embarrassing Asteroids clone)
Chinese Polar Races - Learn Mandarin with audio, characters and Pinyin in this flashcard type game
A command line tool to use the RESTlos Monitoring Configuration API
A library for dealing with SOAP requests and responses. We tear our hair out so you don't have to.
A little IRC bot that when asked nicely will tell you the names of the open cards in a list on a Trello board
Package manager for the Nimrod programming language.
Kohana administration module with built-in CRUD
Application to assist users in creating a guide for League of Legends
Packet capture (pcap) file parser written in pure javascript for Node.js


Herbie and Jamal's Super Rob You Now Adventures
NextGEN Enhancer Wordpress Plugin


A Django app for generating PDF/DOCX reports from (simple) HTML documents
A Backbone.Sync replacement for Lawnchair.js based JSON storage
an concrete5 event ticket system

JavaScript written Class to evaluate a password (score from 0 to 100). Usefull to show a User how good is his choosen password.
Generic Payment Interface. Thought to be used by all payment processors implemented for CakePHP. It might get also a non CakePHP specific branch.
Automated Functional Testing for ios based on Cucumber
Plain Old Ruby Template Handler

Particle Game
Single page app and main interface for Coduno

python module starter
A Django CMS Plugin for Google Doc Forms
Free MT4 trade copier - Metatrader4 EA software to copy all trades from one to one or more Metatrader4 terminals written in MQL4 language (*.mq4)
Application using s#arp lite
Creates dummy posts, tags, and categories for testing
WordPress Blank Theme
this is a CLI script displays bullion prices.
Levenshtein like CGI handler 404 not found HTTP errors, proposing near paths

A script for versioned backups using rsync and hard links (or btrfs snapshots) to preserve space. Some advanced features are also available. A remote helper script in order to lock MySQL tables and/or use LVM snapshots as backup source, is also provided.
Python port of git-svn-mirror utility written in Ruby by Eloy Duran.
Email engine for CakeLog, CakePHP 2.x

Web interface for Tinder's API
A JVM based Memcached Server
Suite of tools for high speed programming in Python
This module has been migrated to ZfcBase under the ZF-Commons organization. Please update your submodule references and bookmarks.
Google Fonts in WebGL 3D
Various facts to use within Facter and Puppet

The Artsy Engineering Open-Source Developers Blog
QuickApps CMS pack de traduction multingue
A site to poll a MadridJS Logo Group 
Dump and parse embedded certificates from Windows binaries
Readable milliseconds for you and other humans. Node.js
An implementation of Reiner Knizia's Lost Cities using node.js and socket.io.
Shared ispell dictionary (stored in shared segment, used by multiple connections)
Some websites disallow pasting into password fields. This Safari extension fixes that misfeature.

Quickly discover which versions of rails all your apps are running

A web-based program to create and edit family trees

FreeSWITCH Dynamic config files served by Innate + CouchDB
Pure XQuery parser for complex full-text search syntax, suitable for use with MarkLogic Server
Easy to use HTTP requests for iOS - subclass and implement up to 4 methods.
(experimental) various scripts for Rust programming
Fathr is a open PHP Framework with a CMS built on top - But you can of course just use the Framework itself. It is inspired by Codeigniter and CakePHP.


This is a starting point for creating a serve prototype using the less framework.
Some javascript to help generate your next band/company name
Easier interface to create dashboard widgets in WordPress
A blog extension to N2Bootstrap

Next-generation network interface configuration tool
\N
A compiling version of Launcher 2 from the Android ICS source code
A set of helper functions I've been using in various XCode projects, abstracted for great good!
C++ Template Meta-programming Prelude Implementation
Upload data from standard input to Amazon Glacier. Save metadata on Amazon SimpleDB. Needs more testing and documentation.
Builds a resume from your LinkedIn profile using JasperSoft's tools
SOLID PHP & Code Smells - Part 1: Single Responsibility Principle Source
AdTonik Mobile Client for iOS
An ECMAScript 5.1 parser, written in JavaScript.  The ECMAScript grammar was created using Jison.
Bash ENV scripts
HTTP metrics monitoring endpoint
A PHPUnit test case class with additional functionality.
Dotfiles for Mac using zsh
A python script that helps you stay sane when working with external people who provide your iOS project with resources
With this Dokuwiki plugin you can index and search your pages with an external Solr server
Open source XML MVC framework for eXist-db
programming experiments
Files used for desktop ricing.
TwiGrid - datagrid built on top of Nette Framework
A node.js module that turns an array of data into a graph in a pdf document. Uses gnuplot and ps2pdf.
Forecast is a website which tells you tomorrows weather forecast using GeoLocation to locate you.
file-upload using Express, coffeescript.
time series analysis library for .net
HTML 5 2d Game
dotfiles of various tools
A handy console application to parse all the FREB logs in a directory and persist in database
Site Ninja Pages Module
Lizard site for showing the data from the DDSC api
A helper library for cgkit This provides some useful function to handle BVH animation format with cgkit
An implementation of the LiveReload 2.X server in Node.js
code commenting with text backend
This program "appelizes" your music collection into a separate directory, by recoding FLAC and OGG and hardlinking all the others.

Implementation of Business::OnlinePayment for Poundpay. This is an obsolete implementation.
Google Safe Browsing Lookup for Ruby
**NOTE** Use the repo linked:
Genealogical Research Support Tool
Some programs I wrote to make YAPC run a bit more smoothly.
This Markdown extension adds inline LaTeX support without the need for external images.
Pull data about Places from the Factual API
A extension for Cloud9ide for ZenCoding functionality.
PhoneGap Bonjour Plugin for iOS
A port of Monkey's Audio Codec to Unix-like systems
A Gnome Shell extension that indicates your Nvidia card status while using Bumblebee
Debianization tools
Provides useful features to Doctrine 2 projects
Ruby Event Store
#WordPressPlugin: Lets you make a WordPress page (or other content type) link to an external URL of your choosing, instead of its WordPress URL.
Implementation of the game Can't Stop using ServiceStack
A node.js app that dynamically builds and serves JavaScript files
Objective-C 2 parser for recurrent rules with ability to parse iCalendar RRULE format (from RFC 5545 spec). ported from https://github.com/skyporter/rrule_parser   Currently testing on iOS 5+- under  MIT License
Python framework for building and running tests on firefox changesets
[Magento Extension] Ajax Cart without any php code based on VF_EasyAjax module.
poky for translation
Python script to publish timed tweets
BZFlag plugin that gives players a flag on spawn depending on a variable
Node.js library to textify text
XML module for Kohana 3 PHP Framework. Works with extendible, write-your-own drivers.
More Muc Than You Can Handle
RBS Change Kiala Module
Online documentation for freistilbox
GorillaScript is a compile-to-JavaScript language designed to empower the user while attempting to prevent some common errors.
A javascript based database for local memory based storage of data or resources
active_scaffold create,edit,delete,search timesheet
The MVVM framework you don't even know is there.
code for setting up Planet Python India 

website
A Zend Framework 2 website for the IGN Entertainment Engineering department.
Code generation tool for SQLite in Android
Radbox plugin for xbmc
Implementation of OAuth2 in JavaScript using CORS



Http/Https benchmark tool
just grab it from corporates...

Namloos  Project
ai intro assgn 1

A multi user realtime canvas application using Node.js and websockets using Socket.IO
A try at asynchronous file I/O in twisted. Maybe it will work.
(experimental) a Rust implementation of the Murmur hash algorithm
Caralis will not be further developed since finally there's a Apache License compatible clean Torrent implementation - ttorrent.
Ruby library for parsing files exported from Quickroute

Django comments app
A tiny Web server. 
Party component
New theme for Venture Cafe
The code for my blog

A PHP Framework That Makes Beginner Happy

Version 2.0 of Triplander (MongoDB + CherryPy, hopefully faster)
python xmpp test client
A system to publish podcasts for large communities like subreddits.
drupal developer functions that i'd like to add or override
Freshbooks plugin for Lithium
JOverflow is a remake of a very old AMIGA game called Overflow.

Python Virtual Private Server admin
tv guide with fast loading times
datatypes for xlib programming in chicken scheme

bloops' archive of solutions to algorithm problems from programming competitions and online judges.

C++ implementation of the card game shithead

BD_BOX is an open source, scalable Brownian dynamics package for UNIX/LINUX platforms. BD_BOX uses flexible bead models to represent macromolecules

Java class library that allow you to encrypt / decrypt a string or a file with many algorithms.
Matches translatable messages to text extracted from program screenshots
A Google Plus extension for docking YouTube videos.
Node.js Experiments - Multiplayer environment 
Javascript Library for ShowClix Search API
Haskell client support for SMTP


Encargo de RBZ

The pit system used by Team 4977 for scouting/LordScout server

NYTimes Objective-C Client Library

Pong for 2 Players displayed on a LoL Shield for the Arduino microcontroller
Remote backup tool written in Python 3
jQuery image gallery-like plugin to cycle through a set of images.
Android build tools (ant tasks)
An implementation of the Ticket To Ride board game
A chess engine I wrote some time ago. I like chess and this seemed like a fun project. The engine isn't complete, it doesn't know about pawn promotions, and the AI isn't all that strong. But it does work, to some extent.

A daemon for pianobar (6xq.net/projects/pianobar), the command-line pandora client. Pianoserver allows a pianobar user to run it in the background as a daemon and control it from any terminal on demand.
Black Jack like game I made to learn Java
Promise-based async tools: multivalent deferrals, pipelines, multiplexes, procedures
Safari extension for shortening links with clck.ru
jQuery plugin for dynamically updated timestamps
A ZK component like JQuery Chosen

[WARNING: under construction! Feel free to join.] SAC implementation written in C
Converts Journal module to online assignment for users who still have them in Moodle 2.0

Digitize the criminal information from photo

Refactor of IBM's (tm) hadoop filesystem to work with fuse4j
BBEdit package for the monkey programming language
Collected public data and tools concerning a formal experiment conducted with tagstore 
Some LESS CSS snippets, mixin's etc. used by me / Valued Standards

This module aims to provide protection from aggressive clients by blocking or reporting them with a script.

A cross-platform python library to retrieve the current user's special folders (like Images, Documents, Videos etc.).
For finding "points of interest" i.e. waist, hips, top of head, bottom of feet, etc. where measurements can be taken
Markdown editor with live preview (web app experiment)

Replaces google search results forwarder links with original links
MVC Web Application Framework for NodeJS written in CoffeeScript
Zenchor is Chrome extension to monitor Zenoss events
A web browser for reddit
transform XML file to jQuery Mobile
Embedthis Build Tools
\N

use flask on google app engine
A code igniter module for role based access which can also be based on groups
A GWT application that allows people to create stock portfolios and tracks them.
A set of computational physics modules
A Wordpress plugin to add location info to posts and aggregate them on a Google Map
Library of commonly-used helper functions for Haskell
Add the jquery-fancybox jquery plugin to your rails 3.1 app.
Java Trusted Native Client
\N
Enhance the boring New Tab Page with widgets!
javascript, python and other web-related goodies
The github pages by tuvokki

Translation Error Rate (TER)



hacky Scala/Jena blog engine
An implementation of Distributed Directed Minimum Spanning Tree
Some irssi scripts

This is a client of Q4M to use in Symfony2 as a Bundle. this bundle is being developed now.
form template with css library

 TemplateEngine2: completely PHP based templating system with a completely pluggable framework
A concentration / matching game written for the iPad
Supports all three PS3 controllers via Bluetooth using the USB Host Shield from http://www.circuitsathome.com/ - This is the old version of the library. The newest one can be found at the following link: https://github.com/felis/USB_Host_Shield_2.0
Softsign Version 3.x
App from Sam Ruby's Agile Web Development with Rails
Tool for managing academics for college students. Manages their courses, keeps a track of attendance, grades, assignments and their respective deadlines.


plugins_created wordpress

Project to sync iTunes on the Mac to your Android phone

A Responsive Boilerplate Theme for WordPress
js server and ui for semflow
Bridgy pulls comments and likes from social networks back to your web site. You can also use it to publish your posts to those networks.
Converts SBV subtitle files to a comma-delimited format. SBV files are used by Youtube.com's automatic subtitle generating system, and can be downloaded. This program will convert them to a comma-delimited format that can be imported into MS Excel or Open
This is a seed of a perl shell for Postgresql, It adds the ability to Import CSVs preprocessed by Text::CSV
C++ string reference class
Unix config file editor written in javascript
A disk cleanup tool that thoroughly scans your computer for unnecessary and invalid files no longer being used by the system. Removes items missed by Windows Disk Cleanup and popular tools like CCleaner.
Bash background exec. A daemonizing wrapper script for use with start-stop-daemon. Well... sometimes.



Nette component for fast creating mini calendar 
Theo Armour GitHub home page

Sync JS automatically updates HTML, Scripts, data, and other resources within dynamic web pages. Unlike other JS frameworks, Sync JS attempts to significantly reduce the amount of JavaScript needed to create dynamic web applications.   The framework uses 
In this challenge you will work on a simulation problem with a hydrographic theme. You will be asked to progressively fill an underground cave with water. The cave sports a particular topography of rock formations that will affect the way in which the wat

fquit is a program that makes killing processes by name much more convenient under OSX
Listagem de produtos
InspIRCd Logging module
Provide an easy way to use your current application servers to also run tasks for that application



Karpinski Practice Website

A Makefile template for compiling web sites
HTML assets for H&S search app

simulacion de perfil en flash

Hacky tools for downloading public Proust stories

A Java console application playing "swimming game" (see http://www.pagat.com/commerce/schwim.html for an explanation)
StratoSpera BSM-2 board schematics, firmware and web tracker.
Visual Scoreboard for your Blogger Blog
A BrowserCMS module to integrate a google mini search appliance into CMS site.


A jQuery Plugin that allows different objects to move in a parallax motion around the page as it is scrolled.
Control principal y control de actitud
Bahs productivity scripts
C to Brainfuck Compiler (it is a long-term work, which is stilll under development)
A easy whiteboard with backlogs and tasks that can be assigned to a team members
Source code for MDV program

Machine Learning (6.867) project on differentiating written dialects of a language
\N
Set fire to your enemies!


Group video organization and discussion tool
http tunnel
Pluggable crawlers to crawl geek profiles across portals like github, stackoverflow etc.
Tool to assist in the creation of ODF files, template-based for a magazine project at school.
XY Programming Language

This plugin allows you to execute custom scripts when you POST a Redmine's URL
Profile (aka. CV, Resume) generator for IT freelancers (multi-format, multi-language)

A chat client I am building from scratch.
NXT-PLC: PLC-like distributed control system framework for Lego Mindstorms NXTs

Windows based program to add,remove,update and manage game servers
Extensiones de la anterior
An interactive (improved?) version of cd, with inspiration from Finder
An android app made for fun
Final project for CS 230 Data Structures.  Keeps track of all the books and patrons in a citywide library system.  As of the last Dec 15th commit, I met all my goals for the class project; I've spent too much time on it to give it up that though.  Look fo
files/theme setup & plugins playground
A Dozen Eggs game implemeted with playn


\N
Parse and extract data from Tracker files in the browser

Plugin for Xepher
Calibrate a camera in C++ using OpenKraken. An exercise for IMAC (Engineering school). You select identical points in different photographies and the application finds the coordinates in 3d of these points. Useful !
Scripts to get Max OS X set up as a development machine
Site perso
Your task is to write a Logo-like program that is capable of producing ASCII art. You will be provided with an input file containing a list of commands which when parsed and executed should produce an ASCII drawing.
Esto es una prueba de github
Bind 9 Config.
Projet du cours de compil
Scrubr contains a set of utilities to parse a payload against a definition. It can be used on it's own or it can be used as middleware for Connect.

Automata programming

Gravitar component for Appcelerator Titanium
Provides a global persisted key value store for BrowserCMS that can be used to keep configuration key value pairs
Submits your clipboard text to PasteBin.com and gives you the URL to the paste, doing everything without requiring you to open your web browser.
Search application for APIs


max/msp based game sound engine


Encrypt your data with RSA using Javascript and decrypt it in appengine java
Grand Lodge Balloting Application
The jedi programming language.
\N
XCP's bug reporting tool ported to Debian
Very old utility scripts for Puppet. Defunct.
One-click switcher between Yandex and Google SERPs
Backup of all packages to install  a server with PHP, MySQL, PhpMyAdmin, ...
An experiment to replicate a music visualiser (originally created in Processing) in Python.

JOMC is an object management and configuration application programming interface with corresponding reference implementation and tools for managing object management and configuration code.
Simpla WordPress Theme with support for widgets

Zookeeper recipes using python
Various projects, mostly including hardware design
Performance Test Server Component
Juego de poker web
Twin Ion is a nodeJS-based game engine for SWCCG


C# library for sending and receiving data over HTTP(S). Or a peon to do your HTTP bidding.
some things for the internet
jQuery Select Box Plugin
Plataforma de entrenamiento de Ajedrez
OpenFlow Test Tool
Pull information about a Code Repository into your PHP application. (Okay, really just Git for now.)

Join your teammates on a one-day trip

Utileria para emitir Comprobantes con CBB
User rate application for vk.com
Use a desktop or mobile browser to control your mouse pointer and send keystrokes.
A complete Drupal 7.10 installation with the jVectorMap module for easier development. The module only code will be available on drupal.org.
Minimal Lisp Interpreter written in Python

SSO based login and registration service which has facebook, twitter and other possible integration. 
New interface for the seedbox and a content network


A simple, lightweight, flexible and multi-purpose (X)HTML/XML Web scraper to be used in Python solutions.
Application for the Department of Recording Arts (Indiana University)
Flex client for PowerU 
Open Source by Alfa Janog site
erlang template language in the style of JSP

Controle de eventos e atividades do M
Rails Backend for Google Chrome HTTP Status Code Lookup Extension
Utitlity to help translations of Serendipity blogging system
NOTE: Has moved to: https://github.com/amplify91/RAW-Gdx
coscms vote up / down module using jquery
Verba for Android is a Latin-English dictionary application based on the public domain dictionary "An Elementary Latin Dictionary" (1895) by Charlton T. Lewis.

A library supporting an Smalltalk translation of ML-style sum and product types, with Scala-style extractors..
Our Server for the Warlords of Hell Runescape Private Server Project Developed by DarkSlayerz (Mostly Server work) and Three Omar (Mostly Client Work) and WTF Ur Zerk for some help and Harlan is getting he's credits aswell.
Rails 3.1 Plugin

A GUI Application for Linux that show SMS Messages from the SMS Message Backup Android App

A project with the aim to create a site presenting pictures that are being added on a specific date.
Next version of apt-spy

\N
Node.js data and content management platform with plugin and component architecture
A slightly modified version of ChibiPaint (http://www.chibipaint.com/)

School related work
Cluster Control 2
Doggone is an online tool for finding dogs. Or something like that.
javascript army list editor engine for all ArmyCalc apps to use.
A group chat web-app utilizing Google App Engine and GWT/Sencha GXT
Code to run the custom Two Photon microscope built by the Functional Optical Imagain Lab at University of Texas (BME dept)
A Rails-based web service for collecting SMS-based experience sampling data

Motivated to not be a too damned time consuming activites, I create this framework implementing Microsoft IUI style application. Focused heavily on database desktop application.
universal vim plugins

Quick scaffolding of new .net class libraries and web projects using PowerShell.
Web::Hippie long-poll client for ActionScript3

Mozilla: Common BIPostal storage libraries
Sandbox for PHP/Zend application.
[WordPress Plugin] Move your Pages/Posts/Custom Post Type admin links from the sidebar to a Content menu that nests everything where it should be
Theme drupal pour CG - D6
\N
Sublime Text 2 package of snippets for node/async

Rdefs is a tiny Ruby script that extracts class, module, method, attribute definitions from a given Ruby source code.
grails application for the storage of a/v metadata
Various tools and configs usable for OpenIndiana mirrors

A set of utilities for the play! framework
Java bindings for MEI
solver for bubble blast 2 game on android
A bot to go through public github repos, apply universal changes like security fixes, and issue a pull request to pull the changes in. Written in Scala.
Research project implementing a open source DCXP solution for the MediaSence-framework.
Vim Configs and Plugins for porting across machines
The helper is a library where a specific function can do in plug and play.
perl script to pair coords from gpx file to an image using the timestamps
Vim config with :boom: and :tada:
Contented aims to be an exceptionally stable and well-tested Rails app to serve as a basis for launching new apps (particularly ones that need content such as a blog, etc.) quickly without having to reinvent the wheel every time.
jQueryMobile app to access Xebia blog
This is a php command line tool for getting data from www.getclicky.com. It uses the Clicky API and downloads the data in batches.
File attachments plugin for Ruby on Rails 3
Paster template for creating your pycms site
Used to track library books
A static-file Markdown blogging engine.
Client library to Solum API. See: https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Solum
TV notification service. Reimplementation of seriesly without Google's App Engine or Django
A starter kit to create applications with grails using OAuth 2.0 and Google as provider
powerfuzzer : Highly automated, fully customizable HTTP protocol based application fuzzer
The Oxygen font family. A desktop/gui font family for integrated use with the KDE desktop.
For my undergrad thesis I am building an automatic poet. The idea is to implement an evolutionary algorithm that can construct a poem using fitness functions trained on a text-based corpora.
A set of C++ libraries based on different premises than the STL/Boost libraries

The Solidity Contract-Oriented Programming Langauge
A Gravity Force / Turbo Raketti / Thrust game clone and platform
Android application that notifies you of your contacts' birthdays and anniversaries.
HTTPS Everywhere is a Firefox and Chrome extension that encrypts your communications with many major websites, making your browsing more secure.
rails source for the website freeldssheetmusic.org
Halve your cake, and eat it too
Converts characters from one "encoding" to another using a transformation (think HTML entities, not character encodings)
Emacs.d setting for HTML / CSS / JS programming
Python Speex
client for idepositbox service
Java Library for FullContact API
A python script which leverages git to help you organize and archive your openFrameworks projects.
A Blend of Javascript MVC and PHP Web Application Building framework 
irclogger for app engine
Full AJAX Client/Project Management APP built on top of Codeigniter
A project for TEDx labs, this source was used to create a Bop-It style game using fruit as touch sensors.

App for controlling various stuff at the GR8 venue
Follow users on your BuddyPress site. Similar to Twitter!
A Ruby library for PNM image files (PBM, PGM, PPM)
YUI module to display images from a Flickr photo set in a carousel


Generic LaTeX files for documents used in lectures (slides, exercises, labs, ...)
An open-source Airbrake read client for iOS.
Useful automation scripts. Mostly in Python... and Ruby
Various HTTP helpers to simplify server-side development.
Feedback and usage report repository for UF data set http://www.gbif.org/dataset/832a5f06-f762-11e1-a439-00145eb45e9a.
Sinatra::Mapping extension is a minimal module that is useful for create map names for Sinatra web application.
Atomik Skeleton Application
Dashing-weather allows you to generate weather widgets and jobs for Dashing, the incredibly handsome dashboard framework
Rails-based version of sendmail
Blog
Logback encoder which creates JSON for use with Logstash
Statistical Machine Translation implementation with Python: especially IBM Model1, 2, and phrase-based machine translation.
Arduino Libraries used in the RoboRover project
Device files for Google Galaxy Nexus (GSM)
Prints a list of anagrams for a given letter set, either in the console or via the web.
A custom Scrum process implementation
A web crawler written in D, to feed a MySQL database, for easy connection to Sphinx indexer.
pentest floating repo, based off git submodules), and some useful scripts i wrote
Library for standalone access to tracked messages and properties in BizTalk tracking databases
A code generator written in PHP
Use WaniKani's (http://www.wanikani.com/) API in your Ruby applications
A CGI script to manage a directory full of download files sorted by version and types
Some C++ 11 rewrites of useful stuff from TnFOX (http://www.nedprod.com/TnFOX/)
RubyMotion automatically converts NSNull.null instances to nil making it... difficult to store an NSNull instance.  This class and category on NSObject might help!

An enhanced SWORDv2 module for DSpace 1.8.2 and 3.0
a command line interface tool to create custom bit.ly shortened urls
SKCC Development
The only tool that parses your ModSecurity audit logs to generate exceptions automagically ;)
A library for document oriented architectures.
tinyproxy - a light-weight HTTP/HTTPS proxy daemon for POSIX operating systems
iOS app for the Venue platform
create laravel
This is a cross-platform, CUDA-based C++ implementation of the framework proposed in our paper "GPU Accelerated Time-of-Flight Super-Resolution for Image-Guided Surgery".
Java IRC framework
Async control flow library for Node.js and the browser.
The UI Automation COM-to-.NET Adapter makes it possible to use the new Windows Automation API 3.0 COM interfaces, with their improved reliability and performance, while still using the same System.Windows.Automation classes as in earlier versions of UI Au
1-st psd to html on github

surplus water allocation system created with codeigniter and bootstrap
A set of R scripts for automated horse racing actions
Declarative data-binding for React based on MarsDB. Inspired by Relay
LocalStorage storage implementation for MarsDB
LocalForage storage implementation for MarsDB
Reactive Programming for Scala and Scala.js (former Monifu).
This is the Git repo of the Docker image for the Debian 4.0 etch i386 (32bit)
sf-ntp extension periodically runs ntpdate program to synchronize the local time on current machine with a set of trusted time servers.

This is an additional module for Stab which lets you use Github-comments on your own hosted copy of Stab.
Quickly add bulk cards to your PucaTrade Haves list.


Control an RGB light on a Raspberry Pi with web requests.
Full-stack web app inspired by Meetup built on Rails, React/Flux, jQuery, HTML/CSS
Android List View which shows Title,No. of Forks and No. of Stars of ur git repo
The dot grid planner builder using react (and devise)
https://regexcrossword.com/ solver using Z3py
Framework to print data in a text table
RxJS-flavored version of HTTP fetch API for node.js
Try out some ideas from handmade hero in clojure
helper for tkinter
An API server template written in TypeScript 
Sums up all your steam transactions given the generated HTML of https://store.steampowered.com/account/history/
Telegram API implementation based on Feign
AI agents that are built based on the game Antics, used in the AI class at the University of Portland
A collection of tools for internationalizing Python applications
Create data frames based on iGraph graphs
A pokemon game made in javascript.
Blaze select input component to use with the Inspinia Bootstrap Admin Theme
Kerbal Space Program Status and Control Panel
Operating System Projects MS-2011-12
This gamemode starts out like Secret Teams where no teams are colored but when someone gets a kill however their color is shown on tab you would have to find out teams by people getting kills.
getting data from Wikipedia and Weather API using Sinatra and Unirest
Wintersmith project template with riotJS and bourbon/bitters/neat
...is a complete rewrite of NavigationView (from Design Support library) that enables - usage of Checkboxes, Switches & Badges as menu items - XML definition - Parcelable menus - collapsible/expandable menu-groups - multiple menus - custom styling.

Securely upload temporary files on your server
Zomcure website template
Create, compile and run tasks across a cluster with minimal setup.
A Sweave / LaTeX template for Transportation Research Board Annual Meeting papers
A set of shell scripts and systemd units to co-ordinate periodic taking of photos and transferring them to a web server. All raspberry pi-s.
Hypothetical Digital Business website based around an Augmented Reality software company focused on developing software solutions for the manufacturing industry.
Remote copy of folders/files using socket.io
Plugin for GitBooks that provides analytics (via Clicky) for your documentation.

A todo list using Java servlet as a web application
A dict-like object supports recursive merge operation for python

Generate a podcast RSS feed from files stored in Azure Blob Storage
Record your life with this modern blog app
Ionic mobile app to follow NFL leagues and teams
randomadventure is a really badly coded Python script, that will pick a random episode of Adventure Time and open the episode for streaming, using a popular streaming/file indexing website.
python module to to interact with the Pi-LITEr 8-LED Raspberry Pi shield
LvL 99 Lua scripts backup.

BoW model toolkit implemented by python
An Webpack Startet Kit with some of the new technologies (Webpack, Webpack dev server, Babel, ES2015, PostCSS)
Text editor in assembly language
This android app is to remind good things which you have done in your life.Later your mind will be happy after reading those good things which you have done.
Final GBA project for CS 2261. A tough Super Meatboy like platformer that also adds dimension shifting to the mix.
A school notice board type thing.
A configurable framework for building a geographic "data dashboard" from a GeoJSON file.
Source for http://cs.brown.edu/~ksinghal
This program takes in an array of stock prices, one for each hypothetical day and returns a pair of days representing the best day to buy and the best day to sell. Days start at 0.
MusicBrainz Web Service version2 client library for Perl5

A list of recipes to testing your React code
a program for selecting attractive/serious portraits from a personal photo collection
A program made for my school CS class that allows you to build a logic gate circuit and execute it using the console, written in Java.
A MTG Life Total application for Android.
Loopback Admin Component

A Haskell API to google Sheets 
A python program that implements the Blackjack poker game.
The first level of the Math Game leveraging the proof engine and adding the Front End
Implements Kruskal's algorithm for finding the Minimum Spanning Tree (MST) of a graph in Racket (specifically in Advanced Student Language). The graph API is also contained in this file.
An Android Mobile app produced to work with the MEMI bracelet
Potentially makes the process of sending your friends a Happy New Years email faster

Client kick/ban tool for Modern Warfare 2
Adding Esperanto diacritics to all the OSes (eventually) 
Barebones Symfony3 framework - a micro framework which can grow into a full framework
Helper provider to assist in general crud functions of a restful controller

Personal messenger Bot to notify you in group chats when you're mentioned
Emulate In-memory storage like database
Docker containers for projects
Test-Driven Development, from the very beginning, with Python (Django app)
Actor Push notification server - replacement for Google Cloud Messaging
GitChecker is an open source tool which aggregates statistics about Github projects
Using PHP to generate a social network web application; MySQL was used in the back-end.
French Bull Dog Website

A c# winforms project that downloads and saves a given webpage, and the webpages which are linked from it upto a specified depth.

Java program to read and manage program constants.


An intuitive, action-based, chainable helper library for Protractor
sketchpad using js and jQuery
build framework iOS 
A CCNet trigger plugin created to respond to Github's web hooks.
Plugin for unicode character entry in Sublime Text, targeted at LuaTeX.
Javascript version of Conway's game of life
Server & client software for Firewall Cafe
A Google App Script to read the movie year and title from Google Spreadsheet and fetch the metadata for the media through the OMDB API
Source code for "Unsupervised Lexicon Discovery from Acoustic Input ", Lee et al, 2015 TACL
Play Mafia Game on PocketMine Server!
Clearly the most useful Slack bot ever created!
GUI Python application to help with the Adventuring Time achievement in Minecraft.
C++ Custom RTTI Class


Using NodeJS and Express, I can make asynchronous requests to an API to determine the average number of students who attended class today (25 or older)
A web application for modern services for all kind for ex- plumber,electrician,carpenter etc. 
Kaggle competition CIFAR-10 - Object Recognition in Images (https://www.kaggle.com/c/cifar-10)
Various scripts for solving problems in 2D and 3D CG and some other stuff
Cool Weather Application
Himesama is a YhavaScript library for building user interfaces.  Its just like React, except components re-render in response to a single global state (like in redux) rather than states distributed to each component.
jQuery Responsive Drag & Drop Bucket Filtering
Css utility framework
UIkit components built with React (Meteor package)
Log Combiner & Processor project in perl for VOIP client log processing  
a sleek login screen using html and css
the backend-api using mongolab
Win the Clue board game every time with this logical reasoning deducer. Written in Ruby.  
Installer for the open fpga toolset for Lattice processors. This tool has been created so that it can be translated to any languages.
Redactor plugin for copy formatting of text in editor and applying to another text in editor
iOS UIToolbar that works both horizontally and vertically
Markdown editor with live previewer built in React.js (react-markdown, babel ES6 to react components, webpacker, eslint)

Locates all files in directory hierarchy that match some criteria

Python project using LastFM and Spotify APIs that allows user to create Spotify playlist with their LastFM loved tracks.
This is an API Evangelist research site for realtime services.
Cryptographic Service Provider Tool For Powershell
nodeTerm is a terminal for communication with hardware connected to serial ports based on nw.js & node-serialport
A RESTful API + websockets framework for managing containers over a set of Docker Nodes. 
pipsi-tool is set of helpers for pipsi.

Transform and inject resources into HTML template.
Unity3d package: N Framework: Camera
Let's Compose React Containers

Instantly Encodes/Decodes in and out from base64 as you type.
A framework for handling objects memory-efficiently through serialization.
Its a kind of toolkit to track the exception arising in the application and it will generate a json and can upload in your server using your own post url.
SAKURA Cloud API client for Go
Class to automatically include files
Mariadb docker image with some customizable variables.
ios objective-c code snippets and plugin for Xcode
A custom extension to the Mocha BDD UI to support RxJs5 marble tests
Rapidly develop your API client - based on rapidash
SharePoint Document Library Preview documents in viewform and editform

A NodeJs module that handles window management for Electron (Atom Shell, previously).
Plethora is an open-source PHP framework which gives a set of tools to create web-applications.
This is application for listening the tcp server and get messege from the that server
This tool will help you to generate a Config.ttc file with your own connection stuff.
Old school project, for a connect-4 solver and AI.
This minimal Arduino based clock was created to replace our faulty bedroom clock until we purchase a new one :P
Openframeworks app for algorithm testing
Flask-powered responsive version of the web site for Curves+.

common javascript functions

Some kind of depedency injection in python. But with await/async, because I can.
Forge Elements are custom elements for use with development and debugging web and nativeweb applications.

Community-maintained Hypixel API client in the go language.
Android Application for TotoCafe 
Web App that generates mRemoteNG config from APS Developer Portal sandbox dump
Editable HTML Tables
movie converter script for your ipad based on ffmpeg
Web Server Log Manager is a software developed with on demand Reporting is to maintain the network traffic details in a log file,which derives indicators about who, when and how a web server is visited.
Ansible roles to create VPC,EC2,ELB etc
ICE.GS new theme.
Create an index of (geojson) layers, which can be used in the stand-alone client.
A generated polymer library with the vaadin api-generator https://github.com/vaadin/gwt-api-generator
A new repo for a slack signin microsite.
This Projects Implements Material Design Navigation Drawer and Toolbar. Add classes to your Project and Enjoy !
An iFrame Discord Widget that displays online users on a site.
This is a Python software that tries to read and work data from a SAP SQL Database extraction
Back-up to your Stack storage
Translation module for meteor astronomy
download javascript generated html
Z-Wave and Thread Gateway for guhIO using the Raspberry PI Compute Module 
detect if new JRE for windows is available
Raspbian docker images
Build scripts for Chromium Snapdragon (customized a bit)
Structured Data Markup Class for SEO
Wordpress Theme for BD Guide
Cloud orchestration project
Java-API which helps programmers to create Kafka Consumer and Kafka producer and Integrate with their apps easily
Node.js compatible module loader for runtime.js
Yet another implementation of sidebar menu, but here your menu appears over the top view controller.
Website to auto generate Amazon affiliate links with your tag and with bitly url shortener 
Streaming data from a Node server to draw a dynamical heatmap with Maperial.js
Offline reader for Wikipedia and other Wiki projects
Dispatch your actions manually to test if your app reacts well.
https://tools.wmflabs.org/contact
Just a fun bot for a twitch channel using the PricBot framework for easy acces to the tiwtch irc servers
A backup tool for GitHub repositories

Bluez5 and PulseAudio in a docker for recieve and send sound via a2dp

FlowGrid is a visual dataflow programming environment for Android.
hosts updater for android
Smart selenium base web driver written in Ruby


Use of opencv to capture images
Tiny Unix Tools That Make Life Easier
Log Sense HAT sensor data and show it in a web app
npm install react-native-pageview
rails-dev docker-image w/ related gem bundled
Pin entry component for react-native
Android Currency Converter using Yahoo Finance API (YQL) and implements Text change Listener.
Dockerfile of Debian /srv/www/ data volume.
OData server on top of MySQL
Google App Invites for React Native
A Command Line Utility made in Python for Windows to Rename the Song as "Artist Name-Song Name" and make the first Google Image Search Result of "Artist Name-Song Name" as the Album Art of the Song
GDB plugin to dump SECCOMP rules set via prctnl(PR_SET_SECCOMP, SECCOMP_MODE_FILTER)




Qt 4 Cross-platform desktop application Starter Kit

some useful coding skill
BZFlag map development tool
This is the Git repo of the Docker image for the Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid i386 (32bit)
Just Another Competitive Scorer. It takes input, filters the files to be checked, and Scores them on Ten  
A python script to retrieve current weather and forecast data from openweathermap.org for your current position as well as any city arroudn the world. The Data can be loaded in a conky config file.
ToDo List using MEAN Stack + AngularJS
Ionic component for collapsible comment threads
Mirror-based reflection for Objective-C
Docker orchestration of Debian LEP stack (3-tier).
Edits to the XV_Controller_master lidar code
A helper for organising Our Christian Life And Ministry Meeting


PowerShell Scripts to Manage O365 Membership

Some go code.
Minimal installer environment for easier C source distribution
Vue BEM Directive - A vue.js directive for automatic BEM class generation when creating components. A very rough example can be found here: https://jsfiddle.net/at1h1z1z/6/
Add a Center To My Position button like available on Google Maps
An extension of the Floating Action Button to keep track of the user's progress.
ruby json server

A framework for pragmatic web systems development
Cloud Block Storage as a Service
A python useful tool for system administrators and malicious people :)
express view engine for partial react views
App with tools: front-end( Bootstrap and AngularJS), back-end(PHP), and a little simulator html for the App. 
Morra game built for a project in the university

Free Antpool PHP-API-Client
Final content of the system of the group project
This software can add event capabilities to an object. And works on any modern browser like Chrome, Webkit, Firefox etc.
Sticky ScrollView for Xamarin Android. 
This is a universal and public program for the management of homeless shelters
A Carcassonne implementation in Python/Kivy

Automatically created docker image for php

A storage application for malt and hops built in Django.

 A Traybar Application for WhatsApp written in C++
Python script to repurpose eml files into specific date ranges for indexing
[0.0.2] Extract plain text from any kind of document
Single page angular web app for EigenMusik.
A helper Android library to extend a Map class to make it multi-key.
Blog system built on Node.JS using LEAF framework for front end design.
Some java project templates for quick starts.
Lightweight framework for old-school RPG GUI in web!
This is about to bring all educational arena in one spot.

Android - Hackathon game
(WIP) Rich-Text Editor that behaves like Tencent QQ's.
A Command line tool for format Android Logcat.
Docker compose yml builder API using Symfony 3.0
Creating plugin for converting table from Autocad to text file with extension .arps
An implementation of Ant Colony System in Java
TuxMath is an arcade game that helps people practice their math facts.
Remove diacritics, accent from string
Bukkit/Spigot API for minigames
Arch install script
A subtley elegant ghost theme
An implementation of Ant Colony System in Java
code for consciousless.net
R helper package for creating, manipulating, and visualizing Atlantis input files and data
A Python script to help you write more human readable config files for TextMate
Binds icanboogie/http to ICanBoogie
nodejs docker ci
A simpe version of the snake game written in python using the curses library
Some scripts for the atom code editor
A MongoDB storage driver for Botkit
Chrome extension to prevent you from scrolling down on Facebook too much
A lightweight PCL framework that helps you develop MVVM Xamarin.Forms 1.x / 2.x applications easily.
Java program which allows the user to choose array size, sorting algorithm, worst, best or average case complexity. Based on the input, program will display the time consumption of the selected sorting algorithm
Qoode github-pages website

Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Scabbia2 Config Component
Scabbia2 Events Component
Scabbia2 Scanners Component
An experimental project which uses the UDP protocol
python script for mirroring youtube videos
Scabbia2 Tasks Component
Scabbia2 Yaml Component
Scabbia2 Formatters Component
Scabbia2 Helpers Component
Scabbia2 Services Component
Scrapper API for twitter user data using Flask. Study purposes.


the http2 module
Different experiments using Node.js
OpenScad projects for 3-d printing
Some docker images and convenience scripts for g-2 development

A light Weight App for Testing Multiplayer Game Dev Using Lidgren
CryptoppECC-Encryption/Decryption using ECC(Elliptic curve cryptography) for iOS and MacOSX
A bunch of self-hosted services packed into one Docker host

Backup scripts using DAR
Script to extract Virginia Supreme Court slip opinion information from court's webpage and convert to JSON
Be a library hijacker: using LD_PRELOAD for setting safe home-made memcpy
read temperature using N Pt100 sensors in series and set output level simulating NTC connected to third party device  
Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Emergency Medical Aid based on Internet of things
Library and multi-object file format for storing and managing data between machines, https://www.hdfgroup.org/products/hdf4/
Re-code the traceroute command in c
popover component for angular applications
C++ server, creates a new process for each connecting client
Medical system in java
web-based tool usage timer for maker space. server implemented in flask python web framework. Runs on linux, and PC
Manage your personal Budget on your own server



The Ninja Tracker application created by following Meteor + React
Enhanced Start - Program Launcher
Business Support System - Core Component
Proof Of Concept App for Barcode Scanning in Android
Web time tracking tool. 
Custom text highlighting in UILabel
Collection of tree data structures and iterators for each.
Repo to track theme implementation on tru production server
A social network android app based on locations
OTP Reading for Android - Automatically reades SMS for verification purpose in Android , read otp from sms android
Google Maps with Rails
Contact list app with ActiveRecord exercise for W3D2 of lighthouselabs.com web development bootcamp
Congressional App Challenge ~2015-2016 (Vikram Sharma, Michael Chen, Sahaj Putcha, Nishant Yadav)
:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component
Integrated ng-file-upload with mean.js
Data mining using Facebook API
An iOS app for a food ordering website http:/treathunger.com .
A real time strategy game. Still in early development. Initially created/started by Alex Nordhausen (Namone)
A jQuery/Backbone application in which users can make wolf versions of themselves
Ensure all lines in a CSV contain placeholders for missing columns. Solution for 'missing column' errors when using postgres COPY command
Atom package to clean your repo
List types for an Android application.
Tools used at CanucksArmy

Code generator for galleries to insert in shopify blog posts
Classify microarray data
Some Low level stuff with linux using C and python
Program which makes a double column list of of NIST vulnerabilities
Patches and objects, and maybe some code, for the axoloti audio development board. www.axoloti.com
ReactJS / Node / Mongo project for nerdy stuff
A OkHttp 3 client implementation for Retrofit 1.
Operation scripts for Glyphoid (e.g., data and deployment)
Free Antpool PHP-API-Client
App for https://github.com/goeuro/dev-test
JavaFX application for managing workers and the work they do
A library that interfaces with SharedPreferences and makes it easy to store data across devices including Android Wear syncing
An artist bot which uses genetic algorithms on mathematical expression trees to generate artsy animated GIFs.
koa role middleware for use with koa-jwt
New Payments Platform repo
Brooke Burnside Ceramic Art | Architecture Portfolio Site
Maps App using Google Maps SDK for iOS (Swift iOS) .
Simplified backup tool written in python
Program to get and solve astronomical pictures from an DSLR camera

Tools for competitive programming: downloader, code template, autotester

Github of the epic Terraria mod development team (Wirklich fandasdisch!)
This program is written in Java. This program will determine if an inputted phone number  (as a string) is a palindrome or not. I will be using String, string tokenizer, string buffer, formatting and long integer methods whenever possible (and will be usi

Material Design implementation with style guide
Program to maintain a database of your own personal comic collection, with comic details from GCD (comics.org).
An open-source alternative to Synthesia
Create your own magazines from bookmarked articles!
Docker scripts to create lambdacube development environment
downloads planetmoney episodes from 2013-2015
Python module finder/loader from github, like in golang
Pixi.js template using ES6/2015
Turn 2-Dimensional SVG Paths into 3-Dimensional STL Meshes
A C++ library for update checking and automatic updating of the software distributed via GitHub releases
Default scripts for wormbot

Fix the Who-List Display in WoW 1.12.1
Jekyll source of site
A utility for building a list of breadcrumbs from chopped URL's.
Posting and Reading from a website using Parse DBAS
Maintains a local copy of the eeDomus database
Testbench for integration testing of the JUnit-Tools plug-ins.
To-do application build using mercuryjs
client side scripts to help maintain our websites and online tools
Library module providing some autocompletion functionality
Tone generator for text and hyperlinks.
API for Astronomy Pics of the Day site. Written in Node.js
File-based sensor (motion or contact) for Homebridge
Modern 3D OpenGL engine.
A chemistry canvas game using create.js
A system bot written in Elixir
Processing game with a twist on the classic game of craps. Added betting and levels to get past. Good game to play for a short while
Use of built in arrays, but now I used multidimensional arrays to store students grades
Machine for doing OpenStack contributions.  This saves you having to do all the prerequisite stuff on your development machine, so you can just get right to fixing code/docs and submitting.  Some minor tweaking needed to individualize. 
Turbot scraper for http://missions.opencorporates.com/missions/779/
Programming data structures using C plus plus
Base visual component implementation.
PostCSS branding files
ruby 2.3.0 development
A matching card game. Pretty self explanatory
Web page to find calorie of foods
This folder contains some usefull powershell scripts.
This game is modeled after the traditional game snake. The object of the game is for the snake to eat a piece of food that appears randomly on the screen. As the snake, eats a piece of food it grows in length making the game more difficult. The score and 

Play Battleship with your bros over Wi-Fi or Bro-tooth using your Android smartphone!
This is a text editor application in java have similar look like windows notepad
Open-sourced code for the prestashop-sync.com webservice
UofT MSE club website theme. Check out the design at http://mse.skule.ca
Roku Remote App built using the Ionic Framework and Cordova
Visual Studio Team Services Build features directly in Visual Studio Code
Comment Parser for Casey Neistat 2015 Giveaway
API server for Heath Hybrid App 
An all-in-one progress bar: timer bar, form progress bar, multiple styles. 
Java Singleton Pattern approach.
Software for syncing notes with LiveSplit using the LiveSplit server component.
Babel plugin to automatically install missing dependencies as you work.
Vanilla JS colorpicker implementation
MarsDB storage implementation based on LevelUP
Geometry library for Elixir
Android encrypting and decrypting with a fingerprint
This project will be an Open ID, .net 5, MVC6, React, Dapper, and Breeze base project.
Blank NodeJs + Express app with gulp and everything setup to get up and running fast
A little hours program for work hours
Apache Qpid Broker with Web Management (Docker image)
well-being site developpment
Show scheduling application for Pointless Brewery and Theatre
Alternative rabbitmq client implementation
In progress multiplayer 2D game and engine.
App website for the Family Medicine Study Guide

Generate a docker-compose yaml definition from a running container
Domoticz Client Application for Android Devices
Custom chef recipes for spinning up an Ubuntu VM in EC2 with VNC for development on containerized projects from iPad Pro or other thin clients.  Pro tip: Use the Coda iOS app.
The main page of Funsites with all the sites.
A set of scripts we use with Docker and Amazon ECS/ECR to manage things.
Find dates inside text using Python and get back datetime objects
This script enables system admins and Linux/Unix users to create cron jobs that run according to the Hijri calendar and can be related to prayer times.
Managana 2.X core classes
Add the pigpio library to kodi on the raspberry pi 2 for I/O purposes
Repository for simulating monopoly in R
The essential files for our site theme, based on the free Wordpress theme "Edin"
Final project of 520 Intro. to AI. Naive Bayesian, Perceptron & Neural Network Classifiers for handwrite digits and faces.
Password Storage
a google drive based timemap library for nodejs
Portfolio Website #2
Delphi 5 - Delphi XE+ compatible version of DUnit.  Currently for the Win32 and Win64 platforms.  Initial checkin is from SourceForge revision 26, the last revision that worked with Delphi 5.
Assignment 1 for 520 Intro. to AI. A Star Search
Data and code for "This Post Is Brought To You By The National Science Foundation"
A .NET extension library for akka.configuration that provides the boilerplate code for creating Akka.NET clusters.
Easy configuration setting and getting for Laravel projects ("persistent settings")

Web application for genealogists that allows to generate reports from separate GenoPro files.
Set of programs to organize and display desktop wallpapers.
Automatically updates vim local settings depending on current file path and user-defined build configurations
Browser version of popular Russian card game, Durak.  Your opponent is the computer.
A Cisco IP phone config generator written in PHP
computes the short-time fourier transform on streaming data. written in rust.
This repo is useful for iOS developers who wants to animate label on the text field.
Vim bindings to the HaRe haskell refactoring tool

CLIFRE API
A quick guessing game I made for a Powershell class at Bellingham Technical College

A work for any number of musicians in which pitches that are heard most often are slowly removed from the set of available pitches over the course of the piece until no more pitches are left.
General image recognition using tensorflow neural nets
An experimental app framework for VR based on Qt & High Fidelity's 'interface'

Node.js bindings for several USB scales (Pitney Bowes, Dymo, etc.)
Reader for the binary ".wbm"-extension format created by NCH Software programs such as Wavepad. Implemented in Python.
Hayashi Empirical Work
MsgPack debugging and validation tool also usable as Fiddler plugin
Exigo corp wordpress
A Ruby scraping script/API query ready for Heroku scheduler & cron setup notes
Free Game Hosting PHP Script
This is Movie project that you can add  movies to your list with its Title,Score,Description,imdb url and delete movies from your favorite movies list easly
A skeleton of a react web application.
Work in progress tic-tac-toe game.
a url search based on the Coursera API, by the Johns Hopkins University - MD
Algorithm for creating a network inside a 2-dimensional graph
Run command in vim with current buffer and see the result side-by-side

Interactive tool which allows you to generate terrain and save it as a prefab

A dict-like object supports recursive merge operation for python
Dockerized environment for Magento 1.x development
p2p database for open street map data
Qt application which shows the information about laptop's battery in the system tray.
Create customized maps
A clean version of our swerve drive code designed to be easily integrated into a new project.
A Todo list with universal JavaScript & Progressive Enhancement
NMMSO: The R Implementation
React-Redux-ES6-Webpack version of Book Catalog
A ClowdFlows 2.0 package, which provides data mining widgets based on Weka.
Budget First is an open source budget application based on the envelope budgeting or zero-sum budget approach, in which income is partitioned in various categories and spending only occurs from these categories.
uploader built with Node.js
INCOMPLETE deterministic npm-install for shrinkwrapped projects

Blog Development
Stress consistency snapshot isolation in various relational databases. See also: https://johann.schleier-smith.com/blog/2016/01/06/analyzing-a-read-only-transaction-anomaly-under-snapshot-isolation.html
A fully automated HTTPS server powered by Nginx, Let's Encrypt and Docker.
a library for matching human-quality input to a list of potential matches using the Levenshtein distance algorithm
Remember that stupid game you used to play on your old Nokia all the time?
 A web application that helps individuals and groups organize and create an itinerary for their future travels
Douban HTTP API
Inspheric Sphere Users Module

Synchronize your home folder files and application configurations easily.
An unofficial random.org api wrapper
A node.js server farm with everything you ever dreamed of
tweet from your cli
iOS app retrieving up-to-date food related recalls from OpenFDA, a government project.
A Windows 10 PDF reader app. Goals include 1) No options, 2) Touch and mouse friendly
A helper router for resource-specific express routing
Java project to mine EMR data for predictive analysis.

A java-based bot API for http://turntable.fm/

Android application which uses OCR to extract text from images of receipts and documents and backs them upto Google Drive.
A python extension wrapper for avro-c
Circuitscape is a free, open-source program which borrows algorithms from electronic circuit theory to predict patterns of movement, gene flow, and genetic differentiation among plant and animal populations in heterogeneous landscapes. Circuit theory comp
IoT Tower alert we did this last night of 2015!!
A Rails Engine that makes it easy to create shortened URLs for your rails application
A viewlet for Plone that show up a Google Maps using the document location field. Also can handle KML files using related contents.
Files to generate an XML Sitemap in the Statamic flat file CMS.
Set of tools for initializing and deploying Wordpress sites
DEPRECATED: USE MAPBOX.JS
Ever wonder how old your cat is?  Thankfully that question is now easily solved.  

HTTP API for BoozeBot

Tool for managing list of authorized USB devices on Linux.
Schema (SQL) and Data (JS) Migrations for node.js (for PostgreSQL and MySQL)
Word Guessing Game developed in Swift for iPhone
winds.mobi python/django server
Outil de calcul de medecine pour smartphone

Chris Johnson's HTML project template
Grove is a way for developers to share git repositories directly over HTTP, without needing a central service like GitHub to connect them. Developers can share as many repositories as they like, and don't need to push their changes or branches in order to
Python-like class sugar. No more "var that = this"!
spirit2json is an attempt at a standards-compliant json parser/generator written in C++ using Boost Spirit 2
Helper library for working with VMware from python
Batch, tunable, crossplatform SVG cleaning program

A ruby script to download all files from your classic Basecamp account
Change Ruby I18n localize to use parsi digits and jalaly dates in farsi locale

[Deprecated] use locomotive cms or similar http://locomotivecms.com
Silly irc bot that smells like chicken
DynaMechs rebuilt with CMake. Original project website: http://sourceforge.net/projects/dynamechs/  (This link has been down for a while, then some unknown guy resurrected it). DynaMechs is orginally developed by Scott McMillan. Current version has been t
A TextMate bundle created to add a few useful snippets for developing HTML Emails



EOS Source Kit Language - A mysterious, but useful C code, for i386 and ARM architectures.
An old iOS application which displays the latest software updates from MacUpdate. Never published - No longer developed nor maintained.























This is a Java-based Cloud system emulator with an architecture structured on 4 OOP design patterns.
Localization QA tool
Helps you to create forms with localized fields using Mongoid
FEUP: Computer Laboratory - EIC0020 - 2012/2013 - Graphical text & code editor for Minix 1.8 operative system
A Rails application for tracking my banknote collection.
Keep tabs on expensive Ruby garbage collection. Support for NewRelic RPM and Rack.

Auburn University math department syllabus template
A .Net Portable Class Library to simplify the calling of a RESTful web service from a .Net client application.
Go package for interacting with The Google Geocoding API.
Flash Game Engine that utilizes the power of Stage3D, the new hardware acceleration for Flash Player 11

Making diploid assembly becomes common practice for genomic study
A buildout recipe that generates a configuration file for SublimeCodeIntel
A Sublime Text 2 plugin that emulates some of Notational Velocity's (or nvAlt's) functionality


This program parses the menus at SiO's restaurants, and generates JSON and HTML files from them.
Ruby library for Microsoft Bing Search API
Twitter Bootstrap Theme for Sphinx

Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/grails-activiti-plugin
A Bunch of Shell Script Tools which seems useful.
Donders Machine Learning Toolbox
YCanvas is an open source 2D tile renderer library written in ActionScript 3. It provides high performance solution for rendering world maps. The library also contains Stage3D (GPU) accelerated implementation based on Starling.
shared assets used on rpmware.com and related sites.
Create, scale and upgrade your company's own Cloud Foundry
Exceptiontrap - Exception Catcher / Tracker and Notifier Gem for Ruby on Rails
An Xposed mod to add a button to the app info window for installed apps that takes you to the Play Store page for that app
\N

The Banners module is a url driven way of displaying images on your site
Set expiry dates for users in WordPress
Javascript Questionnaire optimized for mobile devices.. 
Integrate Ajax-Chosen javascript library with Rails asset pipeline
A lightweight browser extension that scrobbles the music you listen to on the web.
TwEater (short for Twitter Eater) is a tool designed to help you archive long-term Twitter search queries. TwEater supports a variety of backends, from flat files to MySQL databases, and it's easy to plug in your own storage code. TwEater is released unde
Swapping tool for Resque server on runtime.
Rails-dependent gem for Zendesk integration
iScroll plugin for jQuery
Create Vim colorschemes with Ruby
A social news website (YARC - yet another reddit clone)
OpenSense iOS library and OpenSense Collector app
Evenly distributed random color generator for Objective-C 
Sample Rootkit for Linux
Sublime Text 2 command to format long SQL statement to a more readable form (also available via Package Control)
A configurable SQL injection test-bed
An Actionscript 3 entity system framework for game development
Framework for building WSGI apps in which requests and responses are just dictionaries.
rename files with numbered filenames
Example WINAPI WebKit example
Java class file dependency analysis.
Plugins of Construct 2
MQTT Client for the Netduino
Plugin for BigBrotherBot that enforces text file banlists
The official PHP API Client for XMWS
Switcher - A WiFi Open Source Power Switch
Erlang Redis Client Pool for eredis
A framework for Ruby-based web apps
Aggregate test framework for test iOS and Node.js project
Web Application Framework for Node.js

:computer: A school project using Google App Engine and Google Maps. :skull:
Assorted tools to handle RPG Maker 2000/2003 files
Throttle function execution based on cpu time used.
A photo album using Play! framework
Takes a POM, a binary JAR, a sources JAR, an optional javadoc JAR, and generates from them a bundle which can be uploaded to Maven Central.
This repository contains scripts that can be used to control extreme feedback devices for the Jenkins Continuous Integration server
A Visual Studio Extension for Mingle

Use your own class object to easily load and save configuration settings to App/Web/Custom .config or .xml file.

Parent project for all MyDLP user interfaces
Auxiliary plugin of RealtimeRender for transferring files by Secure Copy (SCP).

A lightweight 3D physics engine written in JavaScript.


GnuPG - GNU Privacy Guard - tool for secure communication and data storage
DragonEgg - GCC plugin Using LLVM
Functions to calculate student growth percentiles and percentile growth projections/trajectories for students using large scale,          longitudinal assessment data.  Functions use quantile regression to estimate the conditional density associated      
JSGI Server for Node.JS
Pods engine for RefineryCMS
Vim Config for C and C++
SOLID PHP & Code Smells - Part 2: Open / Closed Principal
Notes and scripts for setting up a Ubuntu backup server
Fast and fuzzy file opener for Bash in Go
Enhanced configuration file related tools for Python
Java implementation of a Disk-based LRU cache which specifically targets Android compatibility.
Some scripts for xchat
An Angry Birds-like programmed in Java as a school project
An OpenSoundControl (OSC) server to dynamically instantiate and control Java objects. Its main application is a GUI library for SuperCollider.
Erlang LSM BTree Storage
sneeu.com, as a stationary website
A remote monitoring application using Node.js, MongoDB, and Twitter Bootstrap.
Python script to create CDX index files of WARC data
This library hopes to provide a helper class to be used by any Java based reporting tool like Jasper/Pentaho
Sample sketch app using HTML5 Canvas that demonstrates lineTo drawing techniques, as well as brush images.

Latex 2 CNXML Transformation


FortiGate automatic backup script.
Numerical tetris-like game using pygame
Functional test library for F# / C# / VB.NET
Github pages?
JavaScript source code visualization, static analysis, and complexity tool
Replicating intriguing numerical properties of the Qur'an with easy-to-follow, open source procedures
General "bits and pieces" repository.
Open-source framework for modeling Vehicle Routing Problems.
Python scripts for Exploratory Data Analysis of Pacific Biosciences sequence data
Projector simulation tools for VVVV
Hydra head application used at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
A configurable Readable Stream that generates Lorem ipsum.  Helpful in stream testing.
Solutions for some random() wargames and ctfs.
A Sentry extension which integrates with Phabricator

Calaos Web App - HTML5 (based on AngularJS) Application for calaos home automation system
Semi-private RTL development upstream of OpenCPI - this is *not* the OpenCPI repo!
Various utility scripts
Clojure implementation of Junidecode
Various tools for working with SymPy's Google Code issues.
CakePHP2: Deprecated parent controller class that adds a helper _respond() method for ajax requests
Sample couchapp for tailor shops management.
Citation, Logging and Multi-Purpose Archive: A bookmarking website engine (think: delicious, pinboard)
a bookmarklet to create passwords easily and securely
C language wrapper for RE2 the regular expressions library from Google
A collections module for the Kohana PHP Framework.
faculty site
A program which allows several people to queue music to a single computer for use on example LAN parties or at the office.
Naive implementation of Radix Tree for Ruby
Python code to demonstrate mediac computation ( http://coweb.cc.gatech.edu/mediaComp-teach ) examples.
The qWikiOffice Web Desktop is an open source project committed to providing an online experience that is unique and user friendly.  Ajax technology combined with the EXT-JS library and cutting edge graphics allow qWikiOffice and the web applications with
iptables rules counting tool
Codeigniter 2 class for google analytics api
Template engine based on the Document Object Model no placeholders!
A lightweight RESTful router component for PHP 5.3+
\N
Separated groovy template engine for the Play! framework
Java(TM) based open graphics 2D

Github page
Core52: Rapid development MVC Framework for PHP - Official Repository
Interprocedural Static Analysis Engine for Scala
Api for using config entries (only partially done)
A userscript for Fluid to add dock menus and other features to the new Pandora interface
English To DateTime is a plugin that takes (from an input field) both relative dates or dates formatted like M/D/Y and returns a JS Date object corresponding to that date.
ProcessWire module: Automatically archives pages based on a Datetime field.
Node.js module to list all files in a directory or any subdirectories.
DO NOT USE. Riakkit. An ORM for Python Riak for RAD. Similar to mongokit and couchdbkit. This is about to be deprecated by kvkit
Puppet module to set up debian repositories with reprepro
A C# .NET example using MongoDb to create and display scary dragons! Uses a repository pattern and business layer to access data in the cloud via MongoLab.
Tools for dealing with APOGEE data
The simplest Chef recipe that could possibly work.
Opensource for all used Algorithm, written in C or CPP language. Have fun.

trivial augmented reality (GPS based)
Paquetes, personalizaciones y scripts del MAX Escritorio
A system to better manage UITableView data source classes, because they can be reusable too! 
SendGrid Node.js helper library
A libnoise port to Java
node.js tumblr API client (incomplete)
Tiny Ruby library to work with Maven's pom.xml files.
hl7 server
FatBox CORE API Client
python module with some geodetic classes and functions written in C++
Barron helps you with locking. It uses file-system locks, but eventually configurable backends would be nice.
ForcePad: Every Salesforce app, tab, and record, full CRUD, native iOS, slices these carrots, chops these tomatoes
An installation created in collaboration with Thomas Lock and Robin Rimbaud (Scanner)
A Ruby program that can parse plain text files to generate probability tables and then generate random names using these tables.
Just some SRPMS for Fedora that I made
command-line interface helper utility for ruby
php site to monitor alarm events from python-alarm

Pagelime Rails Plugin
Google style guides and cpplint (with modifications)
Some handy tools for GNU/Linux , bash , open environment to make your day to day life easier
Codeigniter 2.x easy form creator base on native CI form helper and validation library. Support ajax
Akeeba Live Update - A better live update system for Joomla! components which supports commercial extensions and works on shared hosts without timeouts
Utility code for for AVR app development, generally tailored for the Teensy 
turn your numbers into words
Bash script to automate Go language tools single user installation or even removal.
Texties is the fun new way to send Unicode and ASCII art to your friends!
Detecting integer overflow in C and C++
Android app for robot control
Web Service Composition using AI planning graph
ffgrep - A grep-like command line tool to search text files in a given directory and (optionally) open a text editor to the matching line.
A custom home page with a search engine and other helpful widgets.
Web app that classifies poems based on their primary emotion
Code for the paper 'Efficient Variational Inference for Gaussian Process Regression Networks'
Python solution to make lines of text in a file a JavaScript array
AngularForms makes it easy to build forms for your AngularJS app. Create forms as JSON objects, and let AngularForms generate, compile and inject the HTML into your app, complete with Angular directives, validation and Twitter Bootstrap styling.
LWIP implementation of MQTT stack
An easy to use Biome Config editor for Terrain Control Biomes
miniKanren with declarative copy term (copyo)
Server for a SSO service.
A java client for Diffbot's RESTful API that fills any java class with the appropriate data according to it's fields' names
A tiny League of Legends API library for Node.js and browsers.
Fetch pure HTML from a webserver and save it to disk
Properly defer your JavaScript files for increased performance
is a form of data analysis that extracts models describing important data classes. Such models, called classifiers, predict categorical (discrete, unordered) class labels.
Test Plugin for WordPress that allows users to add Global Message anywhere on the blog.
Node.js web app to collect your thoughts, and organize your ideas in a visually intuitive way.
Create a configurable rpm from your grails artifacts
Unlimited* cloud storage
Ex8, co-written with Dylan Otto Krider was an open-ended assignment from our Games Programming class using Java and OpenGL
Expert System for Hospitals and healthposts.
An iOS always-on sound recording app

iPenTest (previously a Metasploit iOS POC)
Hacks to Dashing (by Shopify) to make it work with Elastic Beanstalk
an iOS component for drawing on an image
A perl web app for a petition signing page. I hope no one is using this. Don't.
Organized  iOS networking framework
Safe process variable for Node App Engine
Singleton class for In App Purchases for iOS development
open source http server
Created using Windows Form Application in C#. Program utilizes Color Class to display picture. Common functions are performed, including flip, rotate, invert and resize.
Make sense of omics data with graph database + mining + visualization.
Webplate is an awesome front-end framework that lets you stay focused on building your site or app all the while remaining really easy to use.
SyllogismRXS' Arduino projects, scripts, and extras.
A Rubik's Cube timer app that saves your previous times.
IRC (Internet Relay Chat) daemon written in Java using the Akka actor system
SDF - signed distance function generation from input triangle mesh
Various inventory management tools for Minecraft servers running CraftBukkit
built.io supports notifications for iOS and Android. In Android, push notifications are provided by the GCM (Google Cloud Messaging) Service. To setup GCM, follow: http://developer.android.com/google/gcm/gs.html
implementation of the 4 row game
Name Service Switch Service that uses an HTTP server as a backend.
Implement text ellipsis effect without CSS(CSS ellipsis only can make one line, but it overcomes limitation) in mobile environment used by jQuery
AngularJS + Rails 4 running on PostreSQL. RSpec for testing.
A tool for extracting and showing some statistical information about software projects; Based on Git, CLOC and git-score.
Work in progress.
This plugin WordPress includes a button that appears when the user scrolls the scroll bar when you click the button the user is taken to the top of the site.
A web app and HTTP client for snapchat.
PHP Forum Facebook Style
Enhanced Police Information Management System
tamina library for haxe
Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in Perl
Distributed graph storage based on Akka and Scala
CiviCRM extension with custom searches for De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension for the specific API wrapper De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension De Goede Woning synchronization with First Noa
Puppet module to install Redis.
Website Repository
A chrome extension the organizes downloads by file types
Python keylogger
Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in CSS
A web server for an online chatroom implementation
Django Navigation App (helper for django-sitetree)
A document version control and sharing platform, for projects, challenges.
Schema-Inspector is an JSON API sanitisation and validation module.
Web version of mastercoin-wallet (https://github.com/mastercoin-MSC/mastercoin-wallet)
An alternative solution to replace the getFrameAt method of Android MediaMetadataRetriever. FrameGrabber uses MediaCodec to decode video frame and use OpenGL to convert the video frame as RGB Bitmap. As Android MediaMetadataRetriever does not guarantee to
Public repository for the www.wholetsplay.com website
The card game Blackjack written for Rails
A Donation API made for every day products, but mostly based around Minecraft.
Android extension for OpenFL for Flurry
Create a box which include openjdk 1.7, Apache Hadoop 1.2.1 and Apache Hive 0.11.0
Web-based front-end for the sr4.sql database
Export your database as a Laravel Migration. And export your DB data as a seed file. Finally sync all this with your remote server.
The code could analysis JSON data to object
Portfolio Tool is a static site generator (think jekyll, hyde, pelican, etc) for porfolios. It simplifies the process of making a portfolio to simply organizing the work in folders and generating the site.
SlopeGraph Extension for QlikView (using D3).
A collection of CSS3 powered hover effects to be applied to links, buttons, logos, SVG, featured images and so on. Easily apply to your own elements, modify or just use for inspiration. Available in CSS, Sass, and LESS.
Server for HTTP fixtures
A Chrome extension that allows you to add a page as an event on Google Calendar or download a file to save it to Outlook or iCal, acting as a reminder to come back
A college campus safety app to send a user's GPS location to campus police in case of emergencies. Made originally for the Drew Everson Safety Challenge 2013 at Duke University, now available publicly for commercial and non-commercial uses. 
Tool for quickly reviewing lists.
Repository for a JCA Test Mail Resource Adapter by using the GreenMail test framework
A maze generator in JavaScript
The PHP script that ran the old Raspberry Pi mirror system that lived at downloads.raspberrypi.org
A custom ListView that its item view can been sliding left. Reference to the app Wechat which was released by Tencent Inc.
Top JavaScript MVC Framework Rankings (for the Intridrea Blog)
some pentesting tools (scripts, modules, etc.)
Recursively locks all files in a given SVN directory. (For migrating source code over to git ;))
this is front end project of css3 and html 5
SiteForge is a powerful static website generator built on Node.js
Crawler for aquiring covers for HTTP steganographic transport
This is a file server that has an email user interface (EUI).  It uses IMAP and SMTP
A tool for watching changes in files. Written in coffee as a substitute for inotify, makes use of the fs.watch commands.
A pure Ruby implementation of the GeoModel concept for enabling Geospatial Queries in Non-SQL environments
GnuCash Python helper script to import transactions from QIF text files into GnuCash's own file format
Wireless Forensics Framework In Python
Tray icon to list/start/stop VMs
Copy changed blocks from one file to another
Common Grunt tasks shared by several Muzzley projects
A Web page DOM grabber based on Phantom.JS.
Using jQuery to create a set of filters based on 6 Hat thinking and Oblique Strategies
Use yeoman to generate a handlebars helper that can easily be used with Assemble.
iOS forensics utility
Session store container which provides transparent access
civicrmfr website theme and modules
A Chat app/hack with Node.js and Socket.io
Console tool written in Ruby to export Google Trends data
A JavaScript library for Firefox OS application development, consisting of WAI-ARIA-driven accessible widgets, a lightweight app framework, and convenient utility functions.
A responsive theme for Ghost.
A Support System inspired by the Ember application
A standalone HTTP proxy written using asio.
Grab a list of game prices from a website
2013 Scala workshop and 2014 Scala workshops (maintained by Robert White) at The University of Manchester
A repo to create simplified GeoJSON regions so we can display map-based visualisations without having to load tiles all over the place.
Tiny abstraction over promises and command pattern to ease decoupling in Javascript project.

OSGi based FITeagle implementation
The player for Open Audio. 
JavaScript Like Object Language Parser - Library to automatically translate JSLOL to C#.
Write iOS apps in Javascript! JavaScriptBridge provides the way to write iOS apps with JavaScript. Powered by JavaScriptCore.framework.
Todo list application
A Free Cross-platform Multi-protocol VPN Software, developed by SoftEther VPN Project at University of Tsukuba, Japan.
A Go client library for todo.txt files (http://todotxt.com)
AngularJS module for working with browser local storage
AngularJS module for advanced working with arrays in JS
A client library for communication with XlentMatch.
Find all open DNS recursors on your (or other) networks.
Blog based on Light Framework
This repository contains docker recipes to create predefined containers
Notes, instructions, and scripts for moving sunpig.com from Movable Type to Wordpress
Include a hidden div on your WordPress site using a widget
A template for Bash scripts to avoid typing the same code in every script I create
Python library for the programmatic generation of markdown text
JSON RPC Server for Bridge Buddy - a Bridge Card Game Helper
Quake Plugin Used On Hypixel's Server
Android application for FamilyTracker project
A tool allowing you to serve resources from your local machine as if they came from the external server.
Utility to convert your libs folder to migrate maven or ivy based dependency management system
River of Life Prayer Guide
Repo to house pebble apps/watchfaces using SDK 1
Do cool things with your markdown documents
Yeoman generator to improve and speed up the development workflow of an AngularJS application.
Dockerize the nginx development version
open assessment
A CFG parser using the CYK algorithm
RactiveJS-consuming view handler/templater for Node.JS
Confirming that async mocha tests written qunit style to run in proper order as long as they aren't nested.
extension to fold/build fusion
Just a copy of the ITU-T STL2009 with a working build chain for (l)unix [make]
nonchip's web framework
Website created to support a national press advertising campaign in The Irish Times

foaf AddressBook for LDP written with react.js
A project template for developing games using Node.js, Grunt and javascript libraries.
Vim syntax highlighting for pal calendar files.
Combines SVN logs from multiple paths into a single log for use with Gource.
Scripts for testing NFS with testbus
Embedded Systems - Homework 2
A script to encode image files as base64 text. 
Puppet Nagios Module for NACS
vim plugin that makes vim syntax highlighting engine available in pandoc
Quartz listeners that publish events over AMQP. Developed to be used in Clojure projects with Quartzite.
responsive jQuery slider
Data and code for Styron et al. (in prep) manuscript for thermochronological modeling with Pecube, PiCloud and Python.
A soap service provider for Silex, based on the ZendSoap component from ZendFramework project.
jQuery plugin which replace input[type=file] with divs based on input-names.
Spike to find out the best scala client for cassandra
Responsive jQuery modal window script
An iOS app created using "iOS Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide"
Heroku fog server and ping client.

Status Page for ESRGC Dashboards
TrueTime-HSF is an extended version of TrueTime which implements two level hierarchical scheduling. The original TrueTime is developed by department of automatic control at Lund University: http://www3.control.lth.se/truetime/
[Deprecated] Row-based multi-tenancy for SQLAlchemy
Fix Position is a jQuery Plugin that fixes an element in place after the screen is scrolled to a certain vertical point.
jQuery plugin for HTML Microdata
Strava API Tools & Dashboard
HTML-5 Plugin Wrappers/Hooks
Authentication server
Multi-Tabbed File System Browser
SCAT Tools
Seed project for single page Angular.js applications running on a Node.js/Express server.  Includes tests with jasmine-node on server and karma-jasmine on client.  Sample files can be overwritten or deleted - most exist simply for demonstration of the pro
Rails 4 application that serves as the back-end for andwecoded.com
Connect to Modbus enabled smart meter using Python!

Build a local copy of a Flickr photoset
Game of Life implementation in JavaScript
Nights! Nights! Wordpress theme
Store Data in Keychain
An iterator-like collection library for doing Bing queries in Scala.
A library to work with quantities and units.
Some Haskell list operations implemented in Java. 
Program implemented to find voids in the space, based on Carlos Hervias Caimapo's algorithm.
Java Client Library for Riak JSON (https://github.com/basho-labs/riak_json)
Sega Mega Drive / Genesis emulator for iOS, Mac, Raspberry Pi, Windows and Linux

University Projects
Interface for a server side script to call javascript events/actions
COMP 3203 (Principles of Networking) Project - Optimal Coverage of a Domain with Sensors
A Lua MVC Web Framework.
helper script to merge dash youtube videos using youtube-dl and MP4Box
Python library to interface with Arduino via serial connection
Skookum School App
Maven based Java Wrapper for the DiffBot API
node.js service for logging rest web service calls using log4js-node
onemodel.org web site files
Modified version of the Vortex Box Deck that behaves more like an app!
Openpay Javascript bindings
Master Redux - Open-Source HTML5/JS remake of Tetra Master (the Final Fantasy IX card game)
All tools for dissertation
For now, just a static homepage

Ruby on Rails film app
Module to hold and serialize the in-memory relationship between urls and objects and users.
numbers.js is a client-side javascript library that adds some advanced mathematics functionality to the standard Math library.
An extension that hides components that can be triggered by a button
A Project to make MySQL data backup using Ruby on Rails

Integrated Model Toolkit for analysis of three different models of space-weather research data conducted by Dr. Sergei Maurits @ Arctic Region Supercomputing Center. Interface developed with PHP, JavaScript and AJAX. Database on MySQL.
Outlook, iCal, Google, Yahoo calendar entry
Proof of Concept iOS application developed on behalf of Office of Information Technology for Alaska Native Language Center, to request for further funding on behalf of ANLC to build a full blown Multimedia enabled application for the purpose of teaching a
Work to develop a group settings control workflow for University of Alaska System. The code is incomplete and need be completed. But there are some good examples on interaction with google group settings API.
Iteratively Fund Open Source Projects With Bitcoin
This repository contains scripts that are used by the maintainers of the library. Useful scripts and daemons.
Its a application in C# which helps to download an entire video series from the web given the link of a single video of the series.
HQ(historical quotes web client for yahoo finance API)
A JavaScript based application for University of Alaska Tuition Estimator, with an interface that is built to make the financial decision which part of coming the decision to go to school easy. Compare cost across various study plans and compare it with n
A Scala Wrapper for google-gson
A little web page app showing what to feed ducks.
Used to create Lua scripts, which can in turn create an element in The Powder Toy
An iOS home application for Arctic Region Supercomputing Center. This application was built in collaboration from Bob Torgerson. This was my first iOS application.
An MIS system that can run from a terminal or on a desktop
A work in progress Chrome Extension to show contextual information as a popover when an article hyperlink is hovered over
onemonthrails project
Free-D Unity is a open source project that is done for Woodbury University Digital Media Lab.
Erlang based Python Package Index
Catarse as a full, non-namespaced Rails engine.
Reliable File System (college Operating System course exercise) - low level filesystem tier with fdisk, striping, ...
A script to download images from urls in Elastic Seach index, process and reindex the new url
I needed to create an AWS marketplace AMI at work, so the instances needed to get their authorized_keys set from the keypair specified to AWS.
The Andromeda system boot loaders
RaspberryPi LCD Info script
Shell script en Bash para subir archivos(mayormente imagenes) a uploadpie.com desde la linea de comandos.
A really old, bad, incomplete implementation of the Cycle System task management for Android. Only staying around because I'm sentimental.

Game with Blocks based on libgdx gradle template
JavaScript/CoffeeScript implementations of safer stack and queue data structures
A Node.js module for validating and updating Webloc files.
Manage Node.js, MongoDB and github repo's for a node project.
Disable the Force Stop & Uninstall button in Manage Application using Device Administration in Android.
Interface to LXC from node.js.
PeerShare is a P2P file sharing website using Javascript, jQuery and PeerJS
static html page
Utility for finding repeated blocks of code in javascript file
Find your Facebook friends with Google Maps
View all the CSP violations!
C++ Program
AWS EBS Snapshot Backup Tool for Windows
Tool for seeing the output of the iPhone 5S's motion DSP, using Core Motion.
Zaphire framework is a framework which takes cues from other frameworks like Zend to create a family basis on which to build your high performace web applications.
random one-off page to calculate arrow spine for archers
A tool for deploying web applications using Docker
like Twitter
This framework allows FRC teams using C++ to use the scripting language AngelScript on their robot. It relies on the VxWorks port of AngelScript.
A Pac-Man program created for AP Computer Science
Post your Google+ Posts to Facebook with PHP
Brushes for IOS App
A data mining library in java.
This should check for changes on the Billboard's Hot 100 and send an e-mail with the new music that appears each week.
A set of SolidWorks macros with UI, for quick creation of some standard primitives.
A PHP client for the oVirt API

Php Windows DLL extension Phalcon 1.2.4 for PHP 5.5 ts (Thread Safe) & nts (Non thread safe) VC11 64 Bit
Magic: The Gathering life counter in jQuery
Easing equations for the fx module in the svg.coffee library

Java project I worked on for fun to cheat in the iPhone word game "Ruzzle." To run, run through the main class. Note: it may take a couple seconds for a window to pop up, just be patient :)
Time tracking module for the atomic company management system.
Cinch (codename) WordPress developer framework
Python thing for out-of-band replication of resource data store in multiple availability zones.
An open source, survey-based matchmaking program
early-dance prototype based on Zurb Foundation
Implementation of akka-persistence storage plugins for mongodb

Android app that predicts the future
Apex library for interacting with the Tooling API
Web site for CS 460 at BYU
Recovers from 401 Unauthorized responses, using Angular, AngularDevise, and AngularUI.
Web CMS system
Calibrate multiple rtl-sdr dongles concurrently and make them work together on GSM
a script to detect browser and device for mobile applications to enable responsive design
LuaJIT2 sources, binaries and build scripts

A boilerplate for WordPress custom post types
Symfony web app for HubDrop.
All purpose jQuery paralax movement script
Source code for the playcanvas-based game Chartreuse Warden.

C# Tetris Implementation 
Sample storage engine for MySQL
(Ember Only) A rich date time class with utilities
One Game A Month: 2014

Helper plugin for adding member icon/badges next to username for members.
A tool for polling an audience to see what they know about CC before and after a talk. 
The abstraction over all cassandra clients (like Hector and Astyanax)
An open source system for creating RDF from various source data such as spreadsheets and CSV files.  It is based around use of the Ruby ERB templating system.

An Node.js-based Open Sound Control (OSC) library for Flocking
FoLiA Linguistic Annotation Tool - Flat is a web-based linguistic annotation environment based around the FoLiA format (http://proycon.github.io/folia), a rich XML-based format for linguistic annotation. Flat allows users to view annotated FoLiA documents
theppl: the successor of the markov thebeast probabilistic programming platform

A minimal sysvinit script set designed for Raspberry Pi
The AMV library used by Basingstoke Anime Society
This is an implementation of cat that will add colour highlights to supported types of source code.
program to generate SGF properties from Specification file
Multi-timescale backup driver for duplicity
Zend Framework 1 Http package
Subtitles Translation Helper

Android Recovery
A badass Django project template
Ruby bindings for the Cluster C library

A tool to turn a Greasemonkey user script into a Firefox (XPI) extension.
A parallel linear program solver.
A program that shutdown the phone if nothing is done (screen stays locked) during a time defined by the user
The configuration backup and restore app allows an administrator to take a snapshot (archive file) of all configuration settings of the system, allowing easy restoration in the event data is lost.
Website powered by Javascript, .NET(Fleck and RavenDB) on server, for doing some crazy democracy
A utility that reminds your android app's users to review the app.  Port of iOS appirater with additional features for Android. 
Metadata Library for node.js
The SIPSorcery project is an experiment into the depths of the Session Initiation Protocol (SIP). The project is a combination of the source code available here on GitHub and a hosted service.


A flocking simulation implemented using canvas and Javascript.
A collection of specialized monitors for gollector
An analog light control library for arduino
A library of objects and routines which will allow you to interface with i2c serial eeprom devices.
Open data on 4,000+ social media apps from oneforty.com #hubspot-open-source
Clojure implemented on top of Python
Dashboard with various profiling tools suitable for live servers
A LINQPad driver to perform queries againt Azure Table Storage.
gem for rails provides wysiwyg editor and elfinder file manager

Google App Engine website monitor based on https://code.google.com/p/cron-tab/
Scripts to make P4 CLI easier to use
Hadoop and Storm based outlier analysis implementations for cyber security and fraud detection
Proyecto 3 de Graficas I
The Nomyx game
Extend, inherit and clone
Website Source
The website for the new WhatCounts user interface.
Implementation in C# of Kyle Bragger's tiny project
A Scala Swing component that wraps javax.swing.JTree
An open-source application built on the Google App Engine
Gallery view for Plone using jquery.fancybox
FreedomBox version of Privoxy

blindparser is an all purpose RSS/ATOM feed parser that parses feeds into a common format so that you do not have to care if they are RSS or ATOM feeds
An image gallery application for Django framework
Tool to arange windows quickly on the Mac OS X desktop
NGINX module providing userspace cooperative multitasking for IO-bound content-handlers
This module integrates Apache Nutch crawler as alternative search engine in Jahia.
Multiplatform application for the solution of two-dimensional problems described by PDE, based on the Hermes2D library
Scripts for cleaning up (large) Maven projects
iOS chiptune/module player
A copy of the mozilla.org PHP site.
remotecv is an OpenCV server for facial and feature recognition.
Android app that intercepts SMS messages which match a user-defined RegEx and then goes nuts
A public- and private-key manipulation tool
Manage your rails email templates with liquid. Bonus: Newsletters

Chef cookbooks for Go development environment setup.
Functions to calculate student growth percentiles and percentile growth projections/trajectories for students using large scale, longitudinal assessment data.  Functions use quantile regression to estimate the conditional density associated with each stud
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Pantera is a tool to test the resilience of cloud applications.
Seth Ladd's excellent box2d intro migrated to a modular structure with requirejs.
Clase para utilizar la pasarela de pagos redsys, sermepa.
A styleguide generator based on kss (https://github.com/kneath/kss), but built in node.js
Firefox extension to chase the memory usage and garbage collector activity
System level ROS Tools
Little ruby gem for parsing release text files from Diamond Comics
Visualize and control real-time streams in a browser-based interface
A mailSender component
Zend Framework 1 Uri package
A Yii ActiveRecord behavior to keep a backup of the loaded values for an ActiveRecord instance
Zend Framework 1 File Transfer package
Zend Framework 1 Barcode package
Zend Framework 1 XmlRpc package
Zend Framework 1 Console Getopt package
Zend Framework 1 Memory package
Zend Framework 1 Controller package
Example project that demonstrates using reverse auth with Social.framework
A wizard to create wrappers to easily add GOG.com DOSBOX and ScummVM games to Steam
An Etherpad Lite client for Java
site implementing websockets using tornado and future implementation of mongodb
An openFrameworks addon to show several different methods of using openCV for foreground/background image segmentation
ZOMG Memes! Realtime! Node.js! Kittehs! memecached is a community meme generator website/app written with Node.js. Meme publishing and consumption is realtime thanks to Now.js.
