FuelPHP Framework - Composer Framework Component installer
A Moodle block element which is part of Turnitin's Moodle Direct v2 providing a link to Class Migration functionality for non admin users
Parse web services and site for managing beef inventory at Cienega Orchards
Maven HTMLCompressor Plugin to compress HTML/XML files.
A Teamcity plugin for building Unity3d projects. NOTE: this has an MIT license so feel free to copy / adapt as you need to.
Bind to the `beforecopy`, `copy`, `aftercopy`, and `copy-error` events, custom DOM-like events for clipboard injection generated using jQuery's Special Events API and ZeroClipboard's Core module.

Websocket client software for socket.io
XNA real time strategy game with era system and multiplayer support.
A jQuery Mobile theme for UF
A text based game for a Dream In Code competition.
Lightweight unit-testing framework
Microcontroller Library for LPC2xxx Chips (presently LPC2101/2/3,LPC2104/5/6,LPC2131/2/4/6/8 supported)
node.js AGI (Asterisk Gateway Interface)
A modification of Razor (https://github.com/msturgill/razor) for czech Ultima Online shard Auberon
Go implementation of app.net API
JQuery easing plugin registration for the Plone CMS
Wordpress music web site.
Minimal template for developing packages for Python
Python implementation of URI Template
REST supervision app client for android devices. Part of my degree
Proxy your local web-server and make it publicly available over the internet
An Arch Linux package for the stopmotion project
Upload de arquivo utilizando o JSF + Primefaces + Hibernate
iOS 5 Container View Controller that mimcs the behaviour of the Path 2.0 and Facebook apps.

Javascript client library and app for CKAN data hub software
internationalisation (i18n) for node.js the easy way (incl. clientside usage)
Testing application
A browser extension/add-on to filter tweets. Currently, supporting Google Chrome.and Mozilla Firefox (15+)
koshinuke java server implementation
Long expires cache buster plugin for Lumbar

A collection of officially supporter ConDep operations.
Measured Voice AWS deployment tools
:izakaya_lantern: ambilight clone for your arduino and some WS2801s using boblight
Get current weather conditions at your command line
Helper for add social share feature in your Rails app. Twitter, Facebook, Weibo, Douban, QQ ...
An extension of Neuro to provide a "sync" component.
TranscriberAG Debian package files
A hook/filter system(Similiar to word press hooks/filters). Useful for creating plugins as an example.
XBee clone using TI CC430F5137 microcontroller
Emacs setup (CSS / Erlang / HTML / Javascript / Lisp)
Chrome extension to auto-update your twitter stream without clicking to load new tweets.
Unofficial GnuTLS with added custom native Visual Studio project build tools. GnuTLS: GnuTLS is a secure communications library implementing the SSL, TLS and DTLS protocols and technologies around them.
Rails 3.1 admin

A fix for the iOS orientationchange zoom bug.
MPEG-TS Segmenter for HTTP Live Streaming (iOS)
Domain::PublicSuffix - Perl module to parse a domain down to root using Mozilla PublicSuffix
A Leiningen plugin to generate Autodoc pages for your project
Albion 2 Engine "light"
Galera Cluster documentation
Spring MVC sample project, which is using iBatis. Now it's still under construction.
Your agile time management application - The Pomodoro Technique
Add app/services to Rails 3 
Python scripts for generating a bilingual dictionary from a wikipedia dump file.
A Zend app in which users can have multiple authentication and api providers (Facebook, Twitter, Google)

An open source substitute for Apple's genstrings which can be integrated in Apps.
iOS OBJ Viewer with LOD features

a javascript rogue-like game
Use FB to create process registration and create WordPress users (not FB Connect)
A single process monitor for embedding into a plugin or extension.
 Warewolf  Easy Service Bus (ESB) is used for designing, orchestrating and implementing communication between software applications. It handles messaging, routing, and service co-ordination in a SOA framework. It's 100% open source and free. This reposito

white elephant helper

WoW Addon - Allows you to choose a colour shader which best suits your type of colourblindness.

school life app
A pre-configured scripting client environment for the WISEBED experimentation facilities based on the BeanShell Java interpreter

Grails Functional Test Plugin
Learn how to program by solving & creating physics based puzzles (like Angry Birds)
A visual guide to the wonders of Unicode
Rack Middleware which retrieves KML from Rails and produces KMZ for the client.
A Toto client library for iOS
Maven Plugin to manage the lifecycle of an XP-Framework project
A wicked fast and robust AS3 library for playing Animated GIFs in Flash.
A Latex presentation template which looks like a Keynote presentation
Mobile application written using the Ionic Framework for an School project.
Code for SMARTX analysis
Client-side form validation plugin for jQuery
Automatically detect connections to wifi hotspots (captive portals) and use configured credentials to keep you logged in.
Peer-to-Peer secure backup system. Spreads encrypted pieces of a  file over a p2p network.
An Ace of Spades clone / fork / experiment, written in Python and using Pyglet for OpenGL.

The prestashop html module
Bookmarking application for windows using wxWidgets and tinyxml2 written in C++


Redmine plugin to quickly Create/Edit issues in JS popup
The project aims to develop java based api for getting historical quotes from Indian stock market. These  apis are targeted to solve the data problems related to back testing of an algorithamic trading strategy. Currently we are using yahoo finances for f
Festival de Ideias
App based on Node.js, Express.js, MongoDb, Bootstrap and jQuery.
Social dynamic particle system in javascript (both client and server)
An intro application for the Ionic framework
Dependency injection system for Python
Advanced application that recovers the Master Passwords of Laptops - http://sourceforge.net/projects/passwordrecoverytool/?source=navbar
Official API to access Sitra touristic data
opage site I created with foundation.
Site
JavaScript Dev Accelerator Coding Challeng Question 3.   Generate an AngularJS, ReactJS or other JavaScript MV* framework app that allows a user to create, edit, update, and destroy (delete) users. 
Heavy Development Noob Code C# MineCraft Server
AT&T Global Network Client on steroids
Viterbi algorithm which creates a Hidden Markov Model to detect CpG islands within an input DNA Sequence.
Zor Programming Language
Java applet that uses linear programming (gurobi) to solve fair cake-cutting problems
To-do List using Backbone.js
The JavaScript SDK for cine.io
Android DP / PX, PX / DP Converter
App created using larval.
A Protobuild template for an empty console project.
Stylesheets for Documentation Pages
Twin oaks spraying site
Updates your library with the latest chapters of your favourite mangas
Addicted to Train Simulator? Finding the game too predictable? Let this tool tell you what your next shift is!
Webpage source for PGE 334 Reservoir Geomechanics
A tool to check md5 sums given an untrusted file and a sum that has been received out of band

An AngularJS wrapper around Cloud9's JavaScript code editor.
A Protobuild template for a cross platform Easily Overlooked MonoGame project.
a 3n+1 perl implementation

A Star Trek themed, text based game written in Python, which showcases the power of the Raspberry Pi.
LaTex Resume
Labs for cs162 Honors Introduction to Programming II
8fold, a fast-paced numerical puzzle game

Micro-framework for Golang web servers
This is the site, the thing that makes the OpenItinerary work. Enjoy.
Some games I've made.
This project involves the simulation and analysis of two message routing algorithms namely Gossip and PushSum. We use SCALA and AKKA framework to simulate the nodes and the message passing transactions.
Web page for the This Is Us Project to facilitate students' data entry
A Sentry notification plugin for HipChat

A hive2 multi host adbc based datasource. This will help in load balancing in round robin fashion while acquiring new connections from each Hive2 server.

Sample Node.js application

twitter sentiment analysis based on paper by pak et al. Also used to learn a little redis
This program offers the user random articles from Wikipedia to read.
Old C#/XNA game I was working on.  Unfinished.
Maintain a set of offscreen cells and use them to help calculating dynamic cell size in sizeForItemAtIndexPath

Source for blog. Middleman site.

Boggle solver written in Java
Hydroponic culture equipment that can be used in 4 ways (Use/Don't use LED/empty can)
hson is a Python 3 tool for extracting Hearthstone game data
 A Python script that render a .svg file into .png files in the correct resolution for Drawables in Android. Developed for
A little machine-learning project for me and others to better understand neural networks. X should be a nested list of training vectors. Y should be a list of 1/0 points (yes/no).
use these source files to demonstrate the edts red underline bug.

A mini Netflix clone web app built in Node.js that uses TheMovieDB and Rotten Tomatoes movie data
A quick word count plugin for Vim, perfect for adding to your statusline
Collection of scripts for different analysis.
React + Golang API with Postgres
Resume template made with latex (theme isn't acheved for now)
fresh laravel copy

Copy files to a remote host using WinRM
a crappy javascript particle physics simulator
Expreso Gran Muralla Website done in HTML/CSS/jQuery
6.00.1x Introduction to Computer Science and Programming Using Python
Include some monalphabetic substitute cipher alogrithms, attack on caesar cipher, frequence analysis on monalphabetic substitute cipher and 3x3 Hill cipher.
async iterators (reduce, map, each) of collection (array, plain object)
A Git mode plugin built using the ShellCommand plugin, which makes customisation and adding new commands, super easy.
Flappy Boot is an Atari 2600 game written in 6502 assembly.
A community-curated list of flexbox issues and cross-browser workarounds for them.
Microformats 2 Version of Underscores Starter Theme with Indieweb Support
Assembles SIC and SIC-XE programs into machine code.  Written in Python.
useful scripts for react development
This Java program allows you to be able to type in coordinates, and it will verify whether it is a rectangle or not.
A Game partly based on the DGameFrame 
Implement a ruby program that returns a string and its substrings e.g. (Below => below, low)
An open source, plug-in based, and completely modular chat client.
Allows you to create field that allows multiple selection of records, such as tags, compliant with Bootstrap 3
Android App for attendance marking at IFS daycare center ( with Janitha Madushan )


server side cross filter which will fire required queries directly in respective database

Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015.
Test password strength (cracking-time) using real guess-dictionaries and mangling rules.
Replication in HTML and CSS of a design mockup provided as a PNG image. The responsive functions are based on Bootstrap.
backbonejs and mojolicious based todo list
Node.js sending mail over SMTP using Amazon SES
Simplified Chinese translation project for the Battle for Wesnoth.
THIS IS A SERVER VERSION YAY
Input plugin to collect data from Deskcom
An Unrolled Linked List.

Daily programming exercises from the daily programming reddit page
Odin project of Google homepage
tech128's optimized sqlite3 for android
A kissy template engine for Nodejs/Browser

A parcelify transform, which allows you to import files using the node resolve algorithm.
macos command line tool of generate qr image and copy to clipboard
Command-line tool to download Google Spreadsheets as JSON files.
Find pool tables in a city near you

EditLabel is editable Label control, who's text can be modified at run-time by double-clicking on it.
Solutions to Rosalind problems using Rust
For latest version, please refer to http://www.sigchi.org/publications/chipubform/sigchi-extended-abstracts-latex-template/view
Spark open source program to fetch top urls, hashtags and usermentioned on basis of keywords
This contains a single javascript file and the bookmarklet code to check a single page for broken links.
Python Integreatde Selenium Framework
Public repository for bot.drupal.hu
a book store (angularjs practice)
A Chrome Extension to Log Cookies for Further Analysis
A quick shadowmap class.
this WordPress plugin allows you to display your delicious bookmarks on a post depending on its categories or tags.
Faster string utilities implementation for Go
helper classes for arduino dev. Tested with GTest+GMock.
This is an extension for wp-pro-quiz plugin of Wordpress. This extension displays individual users score at the bottom of their profile page. 
Big Data project for analysing India's PM's visit to USA done in collaboration with Apoorva Chauhan
Fork/continuation of damson_splitter to split up SpineML model for efficient computation
Java client for the Wink REST API
jquery resizable
Ffs - Framework From Scratch built for research purposes. Reinventing the wheel, every functionality without using the power of Open Source
A set of PHP functions to better deal with accented utf-8 characters
HTML Canvas Framework
Working with cookies in a Nginx module http://www.nginxguts.com/2011/01/working-with-cookies/
Instructional app for Intro to iOS App Development with Swift
Abandoned. mockup here http://conditionalsupport.makopool.com/
HTML to Image Conversion API
Ansible role will help you with installing original vmware-tools form Vmware or fallback to Open VMware Tools (open-vm-tools).
Chef cookbook for the Distributed Grep web app
ZF2 logging module
This is a .NET Micro Framework Library for working with the Amazon S3 Rest API.
The vehicle information management system
This NotepadEditEnhanc Of Develope Version.
code samples OCaml and standard libraries, what I missed when starting with ocaml
The best practices on a brand new Mac OSX setup for Web Devs.
A clean Markdown to HTML Website AWK program which is no more complicated then it needs to be
About update strategy utility can used in app auto-update module
Website for client9.com 2015
you can make a android application rapidly
Format your commit-message and promote from vim
Repo for sources of pirockinez.com
Empower your Linux machine to run Pexes
This is repository for codes used in Opera Library
Project enables deployment of Spring SAML applications in Google Application Engine.
An ipython notebook to help with school spelling homework
Phase 4 Ematrix site. Skeleton, SASS, Cleaner Git. The final frontier of this work.
irssi scripts
Get Information from 2X RAS Server (tcp/20002)

NeverCat Wordpress theme, based on Zurb Foundation 5
jabba the hud. yet another generic hud/ui engine
Python library to parse Apertium stream format
Script to explain an Apertium translation in terms of its parts.
A simplified version of the Ordnance Survey UK parliamentary constituencies shapefile
When developing web solutions, assets such as JavaScript declarations or HTML templates are frequently written in a location that differs from their desired output location. SuperScript.Container.Mvc allows developers to easily declare these assets in MVC
php-MySQL based note taking and journaling application
GitHub Pages Website!
Suse automation scripts to execute from jenkins
iOS client for UOless
kof's sketchbook year 2015
A multi-platform game framework in C# using Portable Class Libraries
Some fun with batch
A Client-Server custom mail service program created under the Toronto District School Board Netowrk. 
Keeps the zeitgeist of your blog
Install profile (deprecated: use webfact-make project)
Copy of the 'rc' shell source (http://tobold.org/article/rc)
1294's robot and dashboard software for the 2015 season
Starter ansible template for new site project.
A plugin for Kerbal Space Program 
this package is an ANN toolbox,which the early published genoud algorithm and rgenoud package is employed to optimize BP process

Blog application for MOCC class
Struts email Client
Bunch of scripts for different purposes
Upload files to an AWS S3 bucket and sync them to dropbox using an AWS lambda function
Litvinenko\\Common\\Object class that powers Varien Object class with data validation rules taken from 'illuminate\\validation' package
Visual novel engine
A salty-ass 100% verified hacker status python script to turn apple id's into apple crisp #nicememe
App for university
Instant message application (client)
University assignment 
iOS app for Epiquote webiste, written in Swift
fourty - planet template pack
UBJSON extension for Jansson

Arduiono & Raspberry code to run an automated cat feeder
Wordpress Theme based on the free mystile theme by WooThemes. Requires Wooframework to work properly.
Formats Cucumber output into format compatible with Xcode Build output so that errors and warnings appear in the Xcode Issues Navigator.  Useful when using Cucumber through the wire protocol to develop in C++, Objective-C or Swift
Working Cucumber Android Sample Project.
I was assigned to design and implement a web site for Online Ads Publishing as single page application (SPA) using HTML5 and AngularJS.
Visual Studio Plug in to add in HLSL source as directly linked source code via a generated C header
fizzbuzz created using CoffeeScript and mocha for testing
System of particle with collisions.
Docker build file creating a image of a box containing web application security scanners.
Admin Interface for Open Xchange based on AngularJS

tempest scenarios upto 02/01/2015
Ascii stylesheets making use of ascii.rocks - JS implementation parsing CSS to show ASCII on HTML5 canvas
Little Framework to load, contain and optimize webforms from Zurmo-CRM
PhoneCall.Forms.Plugin is a Xamarin Forms plugin from Isham Mohamed
Scripts for building .Net projects outside of Visual Studio
Reverse engineered Python API for Weiyun (Tencent's cloud storage service)
Microsoft Office 365 EWS (Exchange Web Services) Client Library
Parent application for the 'inbox' engine.
This is to host a website using pages
Is a javascript library based on snap.svg that permit to use .svg images files as templates to create web andon/control panels with dynamic data loaded from a json data source.
Some more advanced longtouch event states for Titanium
this is repository for all wordpress theme component from PSD to PHP
Solutions to the Project Euler's problems
ec2-elastic-ip init script for ubuntu.  This will allow you to set the user-data and hostname for an amazon spot instance
[Lynda.com] Building a Website with Node.js and Express.js [2014]
upload component and business solution
Examples with Facebook React library.
Debian Wheezy script for configuration of fresh OS with essential applications as well as optional: Postgre 9.1, Webmin, docker.io, RealVNC 5.2.2, TeamViewer 10 & Tomcat 7
Receives Docker webhooks and forwards them to an AMQP bus
Development bootstrap for Node.js including MongoDb - using Vagrant and Chef with Berkshelf
A sample spring-boot app using using spring- mvc/social library to retrieve the favorites of a twitter handle.
A collection of ZAP scripts provided by the community - pull requests very welcome!
vagrant  docker host( ubuntu trusty 32bit)  - build libreoffice
Pelican Theme Masonary Redux
LpiAssetLoader is a zend framework 2 module that helps manage the loading of front-end custom or bower javascript and css assets.
Single-page application using AngularJS // buy and sell site
Pelatihan Android Indonesia - Android Studio


Share/Print/Open files with the native activity view controller in your Titanium app
Python module for turning streams into trees
noInfoPath data module
C++ implements for network flow algorithms 
Sympton Management Beta Version it's an Android app and a Java Spring-based service.
Sample algorithms
git hooks for intermixing SVN and git repositories. Intended for use in versioning Unity projects without storing massive amounts of binary files in git.
Run an ETCD backup task inside a Docker container and upload it to AWS S3.
Mobile app that provides a medical control with some helps like drugs&doctors guide and reminders
module form comp register
Another youtube karaoke application
A Ruby To Do List
An open-source implementation for picking files/folders out of an online API
elixir library for dynamodb
Java Chip8 language emulator
Registers docker containers with avahi

Visual Source Safe tools: Log, Annotate(Blame)
MoneyCalculator project for Softwaare engineer 2 
Converts one or more DNA bare sequence files (.seq) into one FASTA format file (.fas).
An Image Filter On iOS
Extention on CI Upload library for handling multiple file uploading
O2O DIY IOS app
SYSTEMS CHECK #7: Rails
Github page
Geolocation game prototype based on google maps api
A Puppet module for managing LibreNMS
A cms(for webistes) Written in Python (Bootstrap Embedded)
Simplistic Webcam interface for Raspberry Pi with Camera module, based on NodeJS
Puppet module for the OpenDaylight SDN controller.
Marketing Page for Fullstack NH
node.js file uploader based on https://github.com/felixge/node-formidable
Nonsensical latin text transformation
Elasticsearch plugin to list installed plugins
Platform that aggregates de best technologies to dynamically teach and learn between dynamic groups.
A MapReduce-powered extension to LIBSVM
PatternLab Style Guide for OvrC
Custom Alert view for iOS apps
A template project structure for a PHP component. Includes config for Travis-CI, Coveralls and Scrutinizer.
Control an old-school analogue Scalextric set with a MindWave Mobile brain computer interface and an Arduino.

A list of countries, abbreviation codes and text in native language
Anaconda recipes for computational neuroscience tools.
Collection of python scripts to allocate tasks and process raw results.
Framework for building module loaders with very little effort
codeigniter pagination with jquery
A data-only container for docker-jira
docker image for building dropbox's pyston 
This Project is python script for solaris
A React Mixin for the BoomQueries Library
Cloud tools to monitor and manage cloud servers. Great alternative to some expensive tools
Sala de treinamento
Cinch plugin for printing link titles


Stand Alone Replacment MenuAn alternative for the bootstrap dropdown javascript control using knockout and jquery. Intended to be used alongside bootstrap javascript components, or at least with bootstrap css.
An arduino library to simply use a PID controller
Google Calendar Sync for Outlook
Minimal X11 Window Manager 'winman' from O'Reilly Xlib programming Manual, compile on modern computer


Darkgrey with white responsive theme with single color for AnchorCMS.
Ticket.com is a  web application buy which user can buy bus tickets and rent a car .

SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This project offers the base functionality for relocating assets to an external file while writing an appropriate reference to this fil
YAWN is a PHP/JQuery based social networking app. YAWN stands for Yet Another Web Network 
FenixEdu Academic Thesis Component
Short Rails assignment for creating and storing information on cars in a used car dealership
BattleShipClient voor > iOS 8

Django App for a Twitter Like App
java programming with version 8
A web server implementation for Mono/.NET
Google chrome browser extension converting price to working hours
Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a BlobKey.
Total Backup Script
xfind is a command line tool written in Go, which is like a subset of find command.
A Java application to view methods of interpolation.
Conway's Game of Life w/ HTML, CSS, and JS
Mockup to Website project
Chats is a PHP/JQuery Ajax based instant messaging system.
Search text on website for bible references and create a link to verse on bible.com

A JavaScript wrapper for the Teleduino API used to communicate with ethernet enabled Arduino boards.
Plug-in like warp to allow players to save locations and teleport to them.  The locations, however, are private to each player.
App where a user can create, update, edit, or destroy users.


A Music Player Daemon web app written in node.js
Wordpress all in one Docker container
first attempt on datomic storage using couchbase
Braintree package for Meteor <deprecated>
A minimal and static blog engine written in Go.
JavaScript parser for THU's learn website
Some sort of Python, Telnet based hacking game.
A mod made by a few of ZeekdaGeek's geeks for some misc objects that were asked for
Kodi plugin to automatically shout down application after a specified number of items in playback queue
[BACKUP] A CGI script to parse Markdown files with the PHP-MarkdownExtended package
continuing with rails...mostly static for now
A core data iOS to-do-list, task-management, itinerary app made in Xcode 6.
Projects start guide for wordpress

Software in RobotC language for 2014-15 FTC game Cascade Effect
The slots game in jQuery flavored JS!
Interactive Processing project that simulates an exoplanet passing its sun
Proof of concept for photo based P&C games (2). Escape from the hackerspace!
DRY project automation for Node.js and javascript frontend projects.

A tool to manage docker containers. Powered by web2py.
Serial plot facility for data received through (virtual) serial port
Tic Tac Toe game written in Java
get the favourite programming language of a github user
Docker image to run DB2 LUW
Baroque is a dark GTK3/2 theme. It's a rather steampunk affair, featuring mahogany dashboards with brass fittings tastefully set with rubies and amethysts.
Generate a single HTML page of all the php-langspec markdown files.
PingPong game witen in C#
A data bender based on the melted bird paintings of Maurizio Bongiovanni
A library extending Xojo's iOS feature by adding extension modules and classes.
Created Headspring Rolodex Project
SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This library contains functionality for making HTML template-specific declarations.
The website for the Style & Class event series.
Sample iOS app
A mod creation tool for Starbound written with C#.
An implementation of function invocation using variadic templates.  Uses a recursive binding algorithm to turn a set of strings into a function call.
Atom Editor theme which aims to render exactly like Twilight on TextMate 2
Interactive project made with Three.js that uses headtracking to create a 3D display.
Online trainer for the Set card game
xvfb in docker
Generate great looking letters from markdown using Pandoc
R actuarial workshops - Instruction materials, data and source code for R workshops for actuaries
OpenEddi is a data collection software package
Ruby on Rails project website 
Atom package to automatically copy selected text to the clipboard
This applications was written in order to experiment with the ways a JEE web application must be configured to successfully deploy it to various (free) cloud providers like Heroku or OpenShift.
github page




Project 3 for Udacity Nanodegree program.
This is an open source lighting board OS build to work on any x86 capable device.
Github IO Pages Blog for Web Development
Implementation of Gost Grasshopper Encryption Algorithm. This program implements the test vectors set provided in the reference document provided by the Standartinform, Moscow, Russian Federation.
a gradle plugin to execute jython scripts
Deferred compilation of Angular.js templates for applications that render HTML from asynchronous processes.
This java program uses the data structures of a linked list, a hash table, and a binary search tree to create a dictionary program that can take multiple data types.  Iterators and wrappers are used to help navigate the data structures.
Lightweight responsive free Wordpress starter theme with YAML CSS framework and Sass
TextEdit history from 10.6 thru 10.9
General pipeline for ATACseq data
Node.js serialport <-> MQTT gateway
Utility to find the years for your movie files and rename them accordingly
Where am I App- HTML5 Mobile
Send an email with a text file attachment
An opinionated blank starting set of HTML and CSS for students
backend api for segue
Sample Project - Trying to figure out the UIStepper control

A node module for interacting with Amazon S3. All functions use Bluebird promises. 
A flexible content management system written in and for node.js
A python controller for batch processing setup.
Docker base builds of Jane Street Core using the OCaml/OPAM images
goalietracker site
Sample Design Implementation
Blackjack game coded in Java. The game has many unique features as it allows players to bet and it also calculates the probability of winning, losing and getting a card higher than 5 for the player. However, in this game, all the face cards have a value o
This is an 2-axis gimbal code.
A hubot script for interacting with Cachet
A node module for making bots that use the slack rtm api.
Website for http://abrams.ventures
A powerful media player with additional tools and functions combined with a good-looking modern design.
Helpers for vagrant environment variable setting for docker apps.
Pi-Powered VPN Client Gateway: installation documentation and related files.
Dev version of access to LinkedIn API via R
Inject build information (like package version, SHA) into your Ember app.
This is go4maxsat, a MAX-SAT library for Go under MIT license.
An LTI tool for embedding Vimeo players in Canvas
Create playlist from text file
Ruby wrapper for the Gorilla.io API
A little C++ 'bank app' that takes input from the console and saves data to a txt file
Utility for adopt non-linguist Qt program on national languages to Qt Linguist requirements.
Simulation tool for linear scout races modelled as directed graphs with node capacity. Based on simpy, with matplotlib for plotting
android app for the Google Student Club
Heroku buildpack for https://bitbucket.org/liamstask/goose
StarNub a Starbound server management tool
A Go package to interact with the Gazelle API / What.CD
Snippets of SDR-related code
Create with Yeoman
Set of functions to mine and organize Riot's API
Stack and Queue implementation using linked list in Java
This project help's you decide what underlying big data technology to use based on your data and what you want to do with that data.
Membuat program data buku dengan menggunakan teknik minimum sorting
[ C# / Winforms ] Spreadsheet program for CptS 322 (Software Engineering I).
Bot scripts for RagesossBot, a Wikipedia bot that uses the pywikibot framework
HTML Class and ID completion for emacs by using ac-html.el and csswatcher projects
Audio player jQuery Plugin
Vim settings
Generate fake random data for fantasy-climate projects. Currently supports only Polish language.
Folder Monitor is an open source java application that monitors a folder for a specified file type and runs a command on that file.
Examples for Behaviour Driven Development
Grab DMs quick and dirty with PHP.
Parsing out the exception handling information from a binary, for use in identifying the return address.
Tool for watching prices on Amazon
Github website
Using gulp, bower and sass like a boss
A java program that simulate the operation of a repair office
Analysis code for UMD Fermilab Test Beam Facility data from Dec 2014
Grad school portfolio
A node module for interacting with Amazon S3. All functions use Bluebird promises. 
C1X website - update to contact page contact email addresses
Project of Data Mining
Manuscript for Intro-to-Probability
Get a text message when your class opens. 
The purpose of this program is to ask the user to input a series of characters.  The program will then determine whether or not the character is a part of the ASCII character set.  If it is not, the program will disregard the character.  Approved characte
Boxstarter and chocolatey configurations for Windows-based development machines
Filterjs is a client-side html element filterer with criteria
Poker without cards; over internet using socket programming. Used RSA Algorithm and SHA protocol's commutative encryption scheme for encryption and decryption of cards, with an objective to implement an unarbitrated protocol that allows random choice with
JavaScript NES emulator and emulation library.
Open Source Android Artifact Parser
For libraries and other users of library electronic resources (databases). Collect COUNTER compliant usage statistics via SUSHI, analye, and report.
AdBuddizController is a Python module for accessing and displing ads from an AdBuddiz SDK for Android in Kivy, Python-based apps.
Serialize and validate data structure
Aggregator style website created with Ruby on Rails. 
minimal script to help find script into de nse database
Data vizualization of life expectancy in Canada by Province
Node.js bindings for the FluidSynth software synthesizer.
Modules for ARMstrap Eagle CubeMX Template Projects
A thin layer between you and your sockets that helps prevent chafing.
starting structure for flux react app
Quick and Clean wordpress plugin starterkit ; A plugin boilerplate to add custom codes in wordpress features & theme, an agile alternative to function.php in theme
LaTeX Report and Thesis Template
Tiny app for serving up a random video intro. Intended for use with Plex.
a multi-platform source code translation language and tool
vim support for efene
Routing crazy with PHP..
2015 ESUC website
Create an email summary of a Trello board.
Open Web Integrated Development Environment - full stack framework and IDE for bare-metal development in HTML5, CSS3, JS, WebAudio, WebRTC and more. 
A complete Minecraft-related PHP website package.
Object Oriented WordPress Plugin
Grab the passwords of all encrypted email accounts the Zimbra server
Node.js API helper module
The purpose of this function is to determine if a character in a file is a punctuator or separator and to use recursion to reverse the order of text words.
A Polymer element for querying the APIs created with Kimono
A game with squares
A vagrant setup to bring up a quick rails server
A reference implementation for the communicating with the Unity Rest system.
Mobile Application Development - WINTER 2015
Playing around with the large number of characters that our sweet George R.R Martin killed on the HBO Serie Game of Thrones.
Client and Server source code
The website to accompany the Stanford Open Source Academy's Spring 2015 session SWI-Prolog group
Mobilie application for smart lighting system (UC Irvine Senior Design)
server component for dreams and stuff mobile app
current website
Slick2D based top down tank shooter
Code to create a heatmap using location history data from google.com/locationhistory.
So far this is a generic game engine built with Ogre3D, Bullet Physics, SDL and Raknet. It is built around a component system and uses messaging between components. I aim to build a first person shooter with it that draws inspiration from Halo/Call of Dut
blog app based on rails guides docs
Python script to take either single image file or a directory of images and sort by year and date stamp by extracting DateTime EXIF tag from image.


Python stock signal interface written for ICS 33 at UC Irvine
A jQuery slider plug-in that's made to be styleable
application to help people decide their outfit based on weather
An android sidescrolling game
A Markov-chain random text generator.
Clay Model Ajax Connector for Salesforce API - use with 3vot-salesforce-api
MAPPIAMO main repository. The geoCMS for mapping site built with <3, openstreetmap, leaflet, bootstrap, php, mysql....
:thumbsdown: [Deprecated] The 6to5 formatter for library authors.
Hubot used in #joind.in on freenode
Dropbox helper for removable drive management
Tech Blogging Engine
A separate test suite for boolean path operations in paper.js, comparing results with Java2D's boolean operations.
A plugin for coverage.py to measure Django template execution
[Deprecated] [iOS] Flick in a scrollable area in Jailbroken iOS to scroll to that point (concept: http://simurai.com/blog/2012/09/13/flick-scrolling/).
Helper for Algorithm Competitions
Grunt wrapper for the filter-java-properties Node pacakge

renders is go template middleware for tango
A Mongo storage provider for the PropertyGraph.jl package
Docker image to run DB2 LUW
A curated list of awesome Architecture software, libraries, resources and shiny things
The source for samskivert.com
Draft for 'Quantile Regression for Missing Data with Monotone Dropout'
A docker project building on koha-base to set up a working koha based on git checkout.
SikuliX version 2.0.0 to be released in 2016
Create an ansible user and configure its credentials

Stripe SAAS Rails Engine

IRC server Docker image with config.
I was tired of all the services that made you pay to host a portfolio.
An application (Epichrome.app) and Chrome extension (Epichrome Helper) to create and use Chrome-based SSBs on Mac OSX.
C++ Binding for CLIPS Rules Engine

The MQTT client for Node.js and the browser

Template for Gulp
Java non-functional testing framework
interactive treemap with text or image content
Scripts for working with data from Google Finance


A graphing utility for Moodle, see the provided documentation for this exciting plugin for Moodle
Sample layouts for the Zurb Foundation Framework
Batyr is a web application that can be used to improve listening skills.
A script that allows you to control OpenVPN from within XBMC.
This is an Android app called Iterative App
/dev/null equivalent of connect-session

Adroid version for the Sage Firefox extension
A plugin framework to perform image capturing,  colour extraction, post processing and colour output - primarily  for use with lighting systems such as for ambient lighting.
Table Component for elisp
backend API server running on Falcon framework and alcohol. Ciders & Lagers not included. 
Configuring JSP and Thymeleaf side by side using Spring Boot
Open Source Chat Bot for Twitch and Beam

DicionarioGalego iOS
Game in swift

Open Source GitHub Chrome Extension.
Open source web-based sports league management application
PEDSIM is a microscopic pedestrian crowd simulation system. It is suitable for use in crowd simulations (e.g. indoor evacuation simulation, large scale outdoor simulations), where quantitative measurements like pedestrian density or evacuation time matter
When I browse a subreddit, I like to open all the new links in new Chrome tabs to cruise through them faster. This opens all of them at once!
Official repo is in bitbucket: https://bitbucket.org/sillsdev/l10nsharp
C# application that analyses packets captured from network using libpcap/WinPcap
Rsync SNApshot baCKUP transfer and replication tools
distribute log system
The !CHAOS project, an INFN (www.infn.it - Italian National Institute of Nuclear Physics) project, is aiming at the development of a new concept of control system and data acquisition framework providing, with a high level of abstraction, all the services
jeen github page
DEPRECATED: Tools for Documenting JS (and Friends) with Sphinx
dotfiles
An improved ft command for Vim
A reverse proxy cache for Zend Framework 2 applications
node.js server and Express API for the Monolist application.
Search pastebin for keywords using python
NuGet program for sending coverage reports to coveralls.io
This component provides pose data for a tracked object in the qualisys motion  tracking system. It uses a TCP connection to the QTM server to transfer live  tracking data
some scripts to generate jenkins usage statistics
Shumway is a Flash VM and runtime written in JavaScript
sneaksync program to synchronize large files sets using a smaller cloud-based shared directory (like dropbox)
This module caches the common Zend\\* classes used by your application into a single cache file, reducing reliance on the autoloader. This greatly improves the performance of ZF2.
A high-level library for traversing the OS storage model.
iOS chiptune/module player
Create and navigate location on a google map by defining a list

A website for converting (and testing) HTML 2 Jade
performance work for narayana
Student Psychological Treatment System
PHP runtime & extensions header files for PhpStorm
Compute community variograms, carry out null modeling, and and graph results
A Google Places lib for node.js
A PHP 5.3 library for creating an EventSource stream.
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/repastcity
When finished, Cookbook will be a resource for working with the Envato Marketplace API. It'll provide code snippets and examples for a variety of languages.

DomainMOD is an open source application written in PHP & MySQL used to manage your domains and other internet assets in a central location. DomainMOD also includes a Data Warehouse framework that allows you to import your web server data so that you can v
JQuery datatables.net implementation in CodeIgniter
An extension for Joomla! that put on your site a floating box, that contains social media buttons. The extension also puts buttons into the articles.
WifiCamera is a Python module for controlling the network camera CS-W07G-CY.
A Joomla! extension that add a Facebook Like Box on the web site.
A public API to help answer common questions. Christmas, 2012.  
A php class for creating trees from database rows.
Provides a calculated due date for new issues created in redmine

Projeto de tradutor do Script JNS para linguagem NCL
This is a free APi to create dinamically QR Codes. Support several types of images like PNG, SVG, EPS.
Calendar Model Class for perl
A plugin for wordpress to show videos with Flowplayer5
The Hacker News API that you can GET (and POST)
FRC Team 612 robot code, 2013 competition
Not just the fastest Admin finder
A library that simplifies the exposure of data through REST interfaces in a secure, scope dependent way. Basically transforms internal data into whatever a client of your API has the right to see.
An extension to display histograms for images
PegLite implementation for Ruby
DLLs generated from the framework WSDL files to connect to the openengsb from the c# bridge
DEPRECATED! (Not supported + code base is not so good) Need to work with vk.com in your Android app? Just use Android-VK-Api library!
2D jQuery based mapping system for games
I'm new in ruby scripts! Just say stop siri proxy or stopp siri proxy and your siri proxy will stop immidiatley.
A c# library for communicating wit the GE NetworX Alarm System using the NX-584

Ejemplo de llamadas entre actividades en Android - FINISHED
Pronamic Feeds allow you to add RSS feeds to your site, that will enable the copying of content from the remote link to your own posts.
A revised version of sig2dot (creating PGP signing web-of-trust-graphics) written in python.
A centralized suite of extensions for the TTYtter Twitter client. These extensions add features such as sound notifications, text to speech, and more.
Extending default Yii CClientScript class to use multiple subdomains for assets (scripts and stylesheets).
[Deprecated! Use MenuItemKit instead] UIMenuItem with Image Support
[DEPRECATED] Write the templates in your Meteor Application using Handlebars and Jade instead of HTML and Handlebars
Prototype of a Doom3 Bot which acts as a 'hook dll', similar as HPB bot for Half-Life.
A Ruby on Rails web application for sharing iPhone panorama photos
A Vim color scheme based on Jason W Ryan's miromiro Vim color file and dark terminal color scheme.
Plugin to write WordPress themes w Object-Oriented Code and the Twig Template Engine

Justly Done - Open Source Productivity
This is a UILabel category which allows you to insert Emojis you use in Campfire, GitHub, Basecamp, Turntable.fm, Teambox, Trac and Flowdock without the need to calculate where to insert some UIImages representing the Emojis.
A set of unix scripts I like to use

Part of the Sparks Framework. A plugin that allows creation and management of upcoming events.
The documentation for the DDSC Lizard API.
hymnal app
Mediator pattern for Halo, a client-side MVC framework.
Version 2 of chorus, complete re-write, still in development, Considered pre-release and many things might change before first release.... 
a Web UI autotest framework based on Selenium and TestNg. Now the project has been moved to NetEase https://github.com/NetEase/Dagger
Originally based on pyjenkinsci... release tree: https://github.com/salimfadhley/jenkinsapi
IntSeq - Integer Sequence & Transformation library for Scheme
JWildfire - an image and animation processor written in Java
turn openssh into a library
Perl Module: Inline::CPP: Include C++ code inline within Perl code.
A little IRC bot that when asked nicely will tell you the names of the open cards in a list on a Trello board
Gidole - Open Source Modern DIN
Beyond the Standard Model ttbar like events analysis
Application to assist users in creating a guide for League of Legends
Packet capture (pcap) file parser written in pure javascript for Node.js

javascript clean code reviewer
An Uru age database API and web tool
Herbie and Jamal's Super Rob You Now Adventures
NextGEN Enhancer Wordpress Plugin
Vae Platform Local Development Environment
This is the source of the website at http://cytoplasm.somethingsido.com


plot your visitors locations in real time 
A Django app for generating PDF/DOCX reports from (simple) HTML documents
A Backbone.Sync replacement for Lawnchair.js based JSON storage
Ruby RPC backed by Protobufs
Jekyll website for marran.com
Automated Functional Testing for ios based on Cucumber
python module starter
Free MT4 trade copier - Metatrader4 EA software to copy all trades from one to one or more Metatrader4 terminals written in MQL4 language (*.mq4)
Registration of point cloud data captured with a Kinect using PCL.
WordPress Blank Theme
Human Resources Management System
this is a CLI script displays bullion prices.
Android OBD Reader using bluetooth
HTML forms interface to PostgreSQL database running PostGIS and PhyloDB
Extensible PHP framework using packages, internal events, resources and much more.
times loop for your coffee.
A script for versioned backups using rsync and hard links (or btrfs snapshots) to preserve space. Some advanced features are also available. A remote helper script in order to lock MySQL tables and/or use LVM snapshots as backup source, is also provided.
Smallish programs written to learn something.
Python port of git-svn-mirror utility written in Ruby by Eloy Duran.
just another geodjango project
this is not a HTTP request lib like the ones you see around, it is REAL BROWSAH!
C++ AmazonMWS REST Client
Streaming and REST server implementation
Suite of tools for high speed programming in Python
Move blog from CSDN to WordPress 
The Artsy Engineering Open-Source Developers Blog
QuickApps CMS pack de traduction multingue
Boom is an application which is intended to crash, like the Bomb.app application of the first Mac OS X betas. 
An implementation of a Stock Market in Minecraft. This is the standalone server.
Time-based statistics for Git/Hg repos
download, parse & store data from LR PacX ocean crossing

Template for Lepton with look&feel of Kde4
An implementation of Reiner Knizia's Lost Cities using node.js and socket.io.
Analytics Aggregation Engine using Redis and Flask


statistics system with realtime and trend view. 
Some websites disallow pasting into password fields. This Safari extension fixes that misfeature.
A Spotify app that plays a random track when you press a button
Cold State Web Page
A web-based program to create and edit family trees
Serves CSS, javascript and images using rack-combobot to combine Javascript. 
Track DOM changes made by jQuery
lit python implementation
Tesselate is a jQuery plugin to create grid-based (Nivo Slider-like) image transition effects
Inventory Management and Point of Sale System for IEEE

FreeSWITCH Dynamic config files served by Innate + CouchDB
A generic template for starting a new perl script...
Easy to use HTTP requests for iOS - subclass and implement up to 4 methods.
A new widget to be used with plone.app.relationfield
Automated tag file generation and syntax highlighting of tags in Vim
Fathr is a open PHP Framework with a CMS built on top - But you can of course just use the Framework itself. It is inspired by Codeigniter and CakePHP.
Topgun, developed three years ago as a spare time project, is an android based jet game. You control the plane to dodge the bullets and try to survive as long as possible. I created the game four years ago started without any knowledge in android developm

The mysql connection pooling module for a prefork server (like php). You can limit the number of connections by shariing connections bewteern a parent process and child processes

This is a starting point for creating a serve prototype using the less framework.
Some javascript to help generate your next band/company name
JsLint Checker with JsLint4Java for Sublime Text 2

Easier interface to create dashboard widgets in WordPress
Pf4wp is a framework to help develop plugins for WordPress.
A blog extension to N2Bootstrap

Some reusable codes for iOS daily developing
Tubalr's official iOS repo.
A set of helper functions I've been using in various XCode projects, abstracted for great good!
C++ Template Meta-programming Prelude Implementation
Python script for breaking or atomizing OAI-PMH repositories into simpler text formats
Kaltura video plugin for Elgg 1.8
Upload data from standard input to Amazon Glacier. Save metadata on Amazon SimpleDB. Needs more testing and documentation.
Builds a resume from your LinkedIn profile using JasperSoft's tools
Open Source CRM
Bash ENV scripts
a ruby client for ovirt
Pure Java implementation of ONCRPC/SUNRPC
Depixeling tool, based on "Depixelizing Pixel Art".
A PHPUnit test case class with additional functionality.
Dotfiles for Mac using zsh
Altai Web GUI
Open source XML MVC framework for eXist-db

Experiment for using Nancy and WebKit.NET to create a windows desktop application using web technologies.
A model attribute enums plugin for Rails3.
A  PHP Library for making OAuth1/OAuth2 Request.
A text adventure game
Space fleet programming game
2nd version of cirru-editor
Some useful utilities (bash or python scripts) for some routine administrative tasks
source code for shiplington.com

PHP simpleSAMLphp REST API for managing metadata
A Vagrant+Chef setup for Ubuntu 12.04.1 (Precise Pangolin). Comes complete with the latest and greatest for PHP Development
A helper library for cgkit This provides some useful function to handle BVH animation format with cgkit
The combined context and utilities of an HTTP request and response.
An implementation of the LiveReload 2.X server in Node.js

Projet Java, simulation d'une fourmiliere
a darkf implementation of blockeduser's terrible vm
This program "appelizes" your music collection into a separate directory, by recoding FLAC and OGG and hardlinking all the others.

Audio visual tool - openFrameworks
Fast and easy task runner for Rails. Got work?

A DocPad Skeleton based off Twitter's Hogan.js GitHub Page
Genealogical Research Support Tool
GeoTrellis is a geographic data processing engine for high performance applications.
Some programs I wrote to make YAPC run a bit more smoothly.
A extension for Cloud9ide for ZenCoding functionality.
PhoneGap Bonjour Plugin for iOS
Man in the middle tool
Debianization tools
Provides useful features to Doctrine 2 projects

Windows version of libmincrypt library
SOM 3.2 XPO Trigger Class
slackbuild scripts for several packages
Implementation of the game Can't Stop using ServiceStack
A node.js app that dynamically builds and serves JavaScript files
poky for translation

Online documentation for freistilbox
A javascript based database for local memory based storage of data or resources
code for setting up Planet Python India 
Implementation of OAuth2 in JavaScript using CORS
This daemon enables you to make easy backups of your different systems. The clients are basically platform independent - as long as they support rsync.
Ethernet client with Dhcp and DNS support

just grab it from corporates...


ai intro assgn 1

A multi user realtime canvas application using Node.js and websockets using Socket.IO
Used to create wrappers and proxy libraries for Windows binaries.

rails template using bootstrap from twitter

Rump client for iOS devices


An emacs minor mode for developing in Ruby on Rails
Party component
data mining with python


One finger touch in the browser with Javascript - get direction, distance and speed of a swipe from both mouse and touch events.
open-source app for managing generalised "like" lists

Implementation of a cxf proxy web service with service authentication using the Mule Spring Security Manager
Rails Excel strategy to write xlsx files through writeexcel gem
Source for my blog.  Blog hosted on GitHub Pages at msgehard.github.com
JOverflow is a remake of a very old AMIGA game called Overflow.

Haml to erb conversion tool
tv guide with fast loading times

Micro animation framework using requestAnimationFrame with setTimeout fallback.


Matches translatable messages to text extracted from program screenshots

A Google Plus extension for docking YouTube videos.
(perl) - Make your module be a dummy - optionally
Javascript Library for ShowClix Search API
HTML Word Counter for Coda
The rails app programmed from the book
Like Buzzwords, without the buzzwords
Stream of consciousness web app decouples act of writing from content by denying you the opportunity to fix typos, see most of what you've written, or view any posts less than 1 hour old
A blog application for django projects
Encargo de RBZ
The pit system used by Team 4977 for scouting/LordScout server
Notes management program written in python pygtk2

A supybot module that interfaces with Last.FM.
Pong for 2 Players displayed on a LoL Shield for the Arduino microcontroller
Remote backup tool written in Python 3
Ruby gem that scrapes gulesider.no. Can be used to lookup phone numbers

Android build tools (ant tasks)
Silly app for getting info about your age
A chess engine I wrote some time ago. I like chess and this seemed like a fun project. The engine isn't complete, it doesn't know about pawn promotions, and the AI isn't all that strong. But it does work, to some extent.
Todo.txt manager in Node.js
Black Jack like game I made to learn Java
A sample webapp and acceptance test project that demonstrates some features of REST-driver.
Team Management for Distributed and Offshore Software Development with MongoDB and .NET
A ZK component like JQuery Chosen
Code (prototyping) for a research project concerning the information capacity of the human motor system at HIIT.
FastPdfKit extension to add any content and interactivity over the page.

GUI engine
Ruby approaches to Project Euler
This module aims to provide protection from aggressive clients by blocking or reporting them with a script.
For finding "points of interest" i.e. waist, hips, top of head, bottom of feet, etc. where measurements can be taken


c++ port of truetype-tracer (font to G-code/DXF converter)
component tester
Recipe Project



Ext for PHP
use flask on google app engine
A code igniter module for role based access which can also be based on groups
Liquid theme for Rusic's help buckets
Leiningen project to try Clojure code
A GWT application that allows people to create stock portfolios and tracks them.
Library of commonly-used helper functions for Haskell
Add the jquery-fancybox jquery plugin to your rails 3.1 app.
Sikuli script to autplay the netflix "next episode" button.
Enhance the boring New Tab Page with widgets!
Generate chorales from the bach corale dataset
Translation Error Rate (TER)

Tabletop engine in OCaml
hacky Scala/Jena blog engine
A script to keep track of files, check integrity and find duplicates
Third version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*
Parallel Primes (P^2): a parallel implementation of a prime number generator
TerrariaServer with client code removal and additions from the TShock team.

Some useful extensions to ASP.NET MVC
rumble all-purpose data butler
Dev repo for b2g js ril while I figure out where to put it in m-c
A concentration / matching game written for the iPad
Supports all three PS3 controllers via Bluetooth using the USB Host Shield from http://www.circuitsathome.com/ - This is the old version of the library. The newest one can be found at the following link: https://github.com/felis/USB_Host_Shield_2.0
Qt4 gui application generating plants using mathematical functions
Somewhere to keep any Jquery plugins we develop.
django based framework for rapid deployment of insurance products to the web and to facebook

Extension for Google Chrome to keep track of your great non-smoking life!



Open Source XHTML, CSS, PHP and Javascript for WordPress sites built by Loud Feed
A Responsive Boilerplate Theme for WordPress

An experimental alternative take on a graph library for Haskell (inspired by fgl and the Boost Graph Library)
Unix config file editor written in javascript
A disk cleanup tool that thoroughly scans your computer for unnecessary and invalid files no longer being used by the system. Removes items missed by Windows Disk Cleanup and popular tools like CCleaner.

Backgammon with AI in java
simulates media queries to run javascript code
A distributed object language for node.js with multiple backends (e.g. redis, mysql, ...)
autotest-growl for pure network-based growls

Chat application that doesn't require login or anything installed. Written in Node
Nette component for fast creating mini calendar 
Unofficial campaign creator for The Battle for Wesnoth. Written in Python
jquery ticker
A tool to help people who take medication keep track of it. You can buy it for $5 on my website or if you're geeky enough, build it from source!
In this challenge you will work on a simulation problem with a hydrographic theme. You will be asked to progressively fill an underground cave with water. The cave sports a particular topography of rock formations that will affect the way in which the wat
an iRODS implementation in the Twisted framework
backup from inception with photos update but disqus distorts


Advanced music shuffle library

It is the module for Joomla! that add social media/networks buttons on your site.
Listagem de produtos


Sample Application

Deck of Cards for Android


LocationReminder is an application where the user can store tasks connected to a specific location.
A game which is a combination of a Fruit/Slot Machine and a Puzzle game where matching patterns is required
\N

UTSA Vizwall Website

Karpinski Practice Website
Use markdown for outlining in vim
A Makefile template for compiling web sites
Tools On Python
simulacion de perfil en flash


Hacky tools for downloading public Proust stories
C# library for running cron jobs on .NET
Jeff Doolittle's github pages
StratoSpera BSM-2 board schematics, firmware and web tracker.

Oil Standard is a greasemonkey script that converts all US Dollar prices on every webpage into the equivalent value in barrels of oil, with a live price feed from the New York Mercantile Exchange. A commission of Turbulence.org.
A BrowserCMS module to integrate a google mini search appliance into CMS site.

A jQuery Plugin that allows different objects to move in a parallax motion around the page as it is scrolled.
Control principal y control de actitud
The Now app from Beginning Android 4
bash history collector.  Web (php/mysql) component plus bash functions
Machine Learning (6.867) project on differentiating written dialects of a language
Network Programming Assignment @SFC, 2011f

game idea implmented with twitter/ruby
Group video organization and discussion tool
A plugin for Melody and Movable Type that allows administrators to publish a site to a different directory for the specific purpose of creating a version of the site appropriate for offline distribution (e.g. a USB key fob)
C++ week 5-10 miniprograms assembled to a single X-code project.
http tunnel
A tool to generate PlantUML source files from java sources
Tool to assist in the creation of ODF files, template-based for a magazine project at school.
A math library for graphics operation providing vector and matrix algebra and some other useful classes for describing colors, dimensions, points and rectangles. All classes are available in mutable and immutable variants.

This plugin allows you to execute custom scripts when you POST a Redmine's URL
Profile (aka. CV, Resume) generator for IT freelancers (multi-format, multi-language)
A chat client I am building from scratch.
A Manager theme for MODx Revolution
NXT-PLC: PLC-like distributed control system framework for Lego Mindstorms NXTs
Plugin that allows Uni to also create Lectures for a Course
A win32 console app that watch keys in your registry and change them back if something update them.
Extensiones de la anterior
An android app made for fun
A server using source port of  UDP packets to transfer a message payload 
Final project for CS 230 Data Structures.  Keeps track of all the books and patrons in a citywide library system.  As of the last Dec 15th commit, I met all my goals for the class project; I've spent too much time on it to give it up that though.  Look fo

Eclipse RCP version of pms-optical-shop.
A practice management software suite for managing patients and orders. 
Library for managing public-key-based identity
Tool to facilitate script combination and minification
Importing CSV data file into an iOS app via email attachment
files/theme setup & plugins playground
A slider plugin for jquery

\N
Parse and extract data from Tracker files in the browser
Calibrate a camera in C++ using OpenKraken. An exercise for IMAC (Engineering school). You select identical points in different photographies and the application finds the coordinates in 3d of these points. Useful !
Site perso
SimpleErl is the simplest yet flexible and managable static site engine. Written in Erlang, executed by YAWS.
Your task is to write a Logo-like program that is capable of producing ASCII art. You will be provided with an input file containing a list of commands which when parsed and executed should produce an ASCII drawing.

Esto es una prueba de github

A python module to work with molecular data related to Transcription Factors
Find out which of your friends are "sneaky"
semestral work for MKR course (CTU FEE mobile and cooperative robotics course)
Projet du cours de compil

A geographical content management system as a DeepaMehta 4 module. A rewrite of Kiezatlas 1.6.

Gravitar component for Appcelerator Titanium
Provides a global persisted key value store for BrowserCMS that can be used to keep configuration key value pairs
Submits your clipboard text to PasteBin.com and gives you the URL to the paste, doing everything without requiring you to open your web browser.
Script to send SMS messages via http://unisender.com api
Set of components used to create a complete CMS dashboard.



Scripts to install HPCC deps for build.
One-click switcher between Yandex and Google SERPs
Backup of all packages to install  a server with PHP, MySQL, PhpMyAdmin, ...


JOMC is an object management and configuration application programming interface with corresponding reference implementation and tools for managing object management and configuration code.
Mac OS X Diagnostic Script

Various projects, mostly including hardware design
Server for EGON NPP simulator

Performance Test Server Component
Juego de poker web
Rails Development Toolkit

hxtml is an HTML/CSS parser + renderer written in pure haXe
C# library for sending and receiving data over HTTP(S). Or a peon to do your HTTP bidding.

flood module for coscms


AsyncEventEmitter is an asynchronous implementation of EventEmitter found in Node.js
jQuery Select Box Plugin
A internal ruby DSL for Quizzes design
iOS Structure (iStructure) MVC Framework
Plataforma de entrenamiento de Ajedrez

Pull information about a Code Repository into your PHP application. (Okay, really just Git for now.)



PHP / Zend Framework sample code
Utileria para emitir Comprobantes con CBB
Git hosting tools

Minimal Lisp Interpreter written in Python

New interface for the seedbox and a content network
The Offensive (Web, etc) Testing Framework (aka owtf) is an OWASP+PTES-focused try to unite great tools and facilitate pen testing
Generates a zipfian distribution from the word frequency list extracted from a webpage.
A website for travellers.
Vim-like keybindings for Kanbanery
Howto use aspects with Spring Data Neo4j
A simple, lightweight, flexible and multi-purpose (X)HTML/XML Web scraper to be used in Python solutions.
Application for the Department of Recording Arts (Indiana University)



Controle de eventos e atividades do M
NOTE: Has moved to: https://github.com/amplify91/RAW-Gdx
A 2d jump'n'run game which auto-generates its worlds

Chrome extension that runs on WordPress.org plugins pages.  It adds a link to the plugin's SVN repo below the .zip file download link.
A library supporting an Smalltalk translation of ML-style sum and product types, with Scala-style extractors..

Our Server for the Warlords of Hell Runescape Private Server Project Developed by DarkSlayerz (Mostly Server work) and Three Omar (Mostly Client Work) and WTF Ur Zerk for some help and Harlan is getting he's credits aswell.
Template for a Noir app for Eclipse and Counterclockwise
Alarm developed code for the 2012 FIRST season
A GUI Application for Linux that show SMS Messages from the SMS Message Backup Android App

Next version of apt-spy
A second try at the Sequtus engine
\N
\N
Desktop application for jugchennai.in
Node.js data and content management platform with plugin and component architecture
School related work

Cluster Control 2
Python helper classes to access CouchDB

javascript army list editor engine for all ArmyCalc apps to use.
WordPress geotagging plug-in
A memory game, which is very similar to simon. Can't miss one or you will lose!
Code to run the custom Two Photon microscope built by the Functional Optical Imagain Lab at University of Texas (BME dept)
Boilerplate setup for App Engine using Go
Motivated to not be a too damned time consuming activites, I create this framework implementing Microsoft IUI style application. Focused heavily on database desktop application.
universal vim plugins

Quick scaffolding of new .net class libraries and web projects using PowerShell.
A web based powerpoint presentation project using impress.js library 

Visit the website for more info: 

Mozilla: Common BIPostal storage libraries
[WordPress Plugin] Move your Pages/Posts/Custom Post Type admin links from the sidebar to a Content menu that nests everything where it should be
Tempi is a dataflow programming C++ library aimed at multimodal sampling.
java based postgis visualisation engine


AI android app
\N
Rdefs is a tiny Ruby script that extracts class, module, method, attribute definitions from a given Ruby source code.
Python implementation of Efron, Turnbull, and Narasimhan's R function locfdr v1.1-7, which computes local false discovery rates. See http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/locfdr/ for more information.
grails application for the storage of a/v metadata
Various tools and configs usable for OpenIndiana mirrors
A set of utilities for the play! framework
Web API server which expands multiple shortened URLs recursively.
Bukkit Dispenser Loader plugin

sblgnt greek data api written in go
Research project implementing a open source DCXP solution for the MediaSence-framework.
The helper is a library where a specific function can do in plug and play.
Python API for accessing Aleph library systems
Contented aims to be an exceptionally stable and well-tested Rails app to serve as a basis for launching new apps (particularly ones that need content such as a blog, etc.) quickly without having to reinvent the wheel every time.
This is a php command line tool for getting data from www.getclicky.com. It uses the Clicky API and downloads the data in batches.
A dead JavaScript framework I wrote ages ago.
Easy Attributes for Ruby
Tools for the role playing games master.
Advanced Calculator Gnome Shell Extension
Paster template for creating your pycms site
Plugin to ban a player on death
A static-file Markdown blogging engine.
Turntable Plus - a fan-made Chrome Extension!
Client library to Solum API. See: https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Solum
Providing consistent APIs for interacting with your DirecTV Set-Top-Box (STB), because someone had to do it.
TV notification service. Reimplementation of seriesly without Google's App Engine or Django
A JavaScript Development Tool
An Etherpad based on node.js - Our goal is to make collaborative editing the standard on the web
Turnitin Direct plugin (version 2) for Moodle
LINQ-like access to databases (Oracle XE support OOB)
A set of C++ libraries based on different premises than the STL/Boost libraries
\N
A command line tool for contact management, in python, with optional git-syncing
The Solidity Contract-Oriented Programming Langauge
A Gravity Force / Turbo Raketti / Thrust game clone and platform
HPC clusters data guzzler for usage statistics and metrics
Task execution system (general)
Emacs.d setting for HTML / CSS / JS programming
client for idepositbox service
Java Library for FullContact API
A python script which leverages git to help you organize and archive your openFrameworks projects.
An extension of the mustache text template engine for .NET.
Python script to convert SVG to points, and then to CDFs and the like.
[OBSOLETE] Create your own framework on top of Symfony
A one stop shop for collecting data from a network device using NETCONF or SNMP
Raspberry Pi Home Automation System
Website source
JCore is a Proof of Concept and the code name of the next PressObjects version

This is a prototype iPhone app that checks you in and out of the Lunatech Office.
Maven useful plugins development repository.

A playground app for testing and live rendering of Twig templates
Solutions to question in Crack Code Interview 5th Edition, written in C# with MonoDevelop
Python library for caching
An open-source Airbrake read client for iOS.
ROS node that acts as a proxy server for Interactive Markers, caring about message demultiplexing and some tf transforms.
Boilertek is a generic scafolding tool with some customization options and a user-frendly command line interface.
iOS lined note textview. It's a quick start for those who plan to create a lined note in iOS. It uses block based call back for menu actions in note.

Scripts for extracting and plotting statistics from an IMAP account
Sinatra::Mapping extension is a minimal module that is useful for create map names for Sinatra web application.
Gaelyk plugin implementing a reusable administration interface to browse datastore entities
Statistical Machine Translation implementation with Python: especially IBM Model1, 2, and phrase-based machine translation.
OpenDocument Text to DAISY format
common components used in yii framework.
IRC java bot in use on AndIRC
Arduino Libraries used in the RoboRover project
Excite: External Citation processor. Use LaTeX like post-processing to organize your references in a word processing document.
CakePHP 2.1 plugin for easy REST JSON API
A custom Scrum process implementation
A C++ library for numerical evaluation of cosmological quantities.
pentest floating repo, based off git submodules), and some useful scripts i wrote
Parser written in python generating Mininet python topologies from Internet Topology Zoo .graphml files.
Use WaniKani's (http://www.wanikani.com/) API in your Ruby applications
A CGI script to manage a directory full of download files sorted by version and types
A Google Appengine project template using zc.buildout
tinyproxy - a light-weight HTTP/HTTPS proxy daemon for POSIX operating systems


Make your sharing widget! Sharrre is a jQuery plugin that allows you to create nice widgets sharing for Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus (with PHP script) and more.
create laravel
This is a cross-platform, CUDA-based C++ implementation of the framework proposed in our paper "GPU Accelerated Time-of-Flight Super-Resolution for Image-Guided Surgery".

[UNMAINTAINED] A JavaScript type checking/casting library
The UI Automation COM-to-.NET Adapter makes it possible to use the new Windows Automation API 3.0 COM interfaces, with their improved reliability and performance, while still using the same System.Windows.Automation classes as in earlier versions of UI Au
Simple-to-use C/C++ library to play PC-98 PMD chiptunes
1-st psd to html on github
Declarative data-binding for React based on MarsDB. Inspired by Relay
LocalStorage storage implementation for MarsDB
LocalForage storage implementation for MarsDB
This is the API Evangelist reciprocity provider research site.  
app academy prep blogger
Wrapper script and config files to use neovim+konsole as a normal gui text editor
sf-ntp extension periodically runs ntpdate program to synchronize the local time on current machine with a set of trusted time servers.
This is an additional module for Stab which lets you use Github-comments on your own hosted copy of Stab.

An arduino-based sms notifier for postal mailbox
Web App to find and share recipes
Quickly add bulk cards to your PucaTrade Haves list.
Liferay FMS Portal Theme
Builing a Hobby OS, with http://intermezzos.github.io/book/
Re-creation of the Gliese 876 system

A helloworld application written in Java using the Maven build system
powershell scripts

Full-stack web app inspired by Meetup built on Rails, React/Flux, jQuery, HTML/CSS
Android List View which shows Title,No. of Forks and No. of Stars of ur git repo
A set of utilities
The dot grid planner builder using react (and devise)
Framework to print data in a text table
Knockout validation framework. Do one thing. Do it Well.
A scaffold to allow the quick development of new Janus applications.
helper for tkinter
An API server template written in TypeScript 
Sums up all your steam transactions given the generated HTML of https://store.steampowered.com/account/history/
AI agents that are built based on the game Antics, used in the AI class at the University of Portland
Java backend for shortURL project.
Java SpringMVC frontend application for frontend-shortURL.
A collection of tools for internationalizing Python applications
An application for tracking the movements of your mouse on the screen to see how much you eventually have covered.
 xmonad.hs, custom modules, xmobar config, etc. 
A pokemon game made in javascript.
Particle Photon microcontroller code for sensing and publishing moisture and temperature data with an analog moisture sensor and a DS18B20 temperature sensor.
Blaze select input component to use with the Inspinia Bootstrap Admin Theme
PDF File Fixing Tool
Generic skeleton for turn-based games written using Cinch
websocket helpers for rails, http://maxpleaner.github.io/socket_helpers
Securely upload temporary files on your server
Zomcure website template
Redirect images url from http to relative path
An engine that keeps track of concurrent edits on a file
A Sweave / LaTeX template for Transportation Research Board Annual Meeting papers
new project site
:watch: Read news abstracts on your Pebble, more feeds coming soon.
i made a website i'm a CS now!! 
Remote copy of folders/files using socket.io
Plugin for GitBooks that provides analytics (via Clicky) for your documentation.
A dict-like object supports recursive merge operation for python
Generate a podcast RSS feed from files stored in Azure Blob Storage
The W3C Geometry Interfaces implemented in JavaScript and polyfilled.
Website for F2Pictures
randomadventure is a really badly coded Python script, that will pick a random episode of Adventure Time and open the episode for streaming, using a popular streaming/file indexing website.
Second version of the SAFE Network's Potential Apps Website
python module to to interact with the Pi-LITEr 8-LED Raspberry Pi shield
LvL 99 Lua scripts backup.
IRC Bot written in Python 3 with circuits
Swift code projects for Code Path

rancher-agent for RancherOS + SpotInst.com with a #cloud-config user data.
Android nutrition app that generates food equivalencies.
Tool to make display overrides files for OS X custom retina mode
Goes through each row of all child csvs in the a directory and removes ones that match a regex.

Text editor in assembly language
This android app is to remind good things which you have done in your life.Later your mind will be happy after reading those good things which you have done.
Final GBA project for CS 2261. A tough Super Meatboy like platformer that also adds dimension shifting to the mix.
A school notice board type thing.
Python program that plays Boggle
Python tricks and tweaks presentation files
This program takes in an array of stock prices, one for each hypothetical day and returns a pair of days representing the best day to buy and the best day to sell. Days start at 0.
A python 2, openCV project that analyzes how busy a location is through image or video analysis
To be used with the mobile quiz library
Very easy to use image loader for swift
Yeoman generator for an isomorphic JavaScript library.
A C++ conversion and quality overhaul of some android tools used with RockChip image files.

Hybrid Mobile App using Visual Studio Tools for Apache Cordova + Kendo UI
A list of recipes to testing your React code
Horizontal and vertical scrollbars designed for the canvases - specifically, the tkinter library of Python 3.5. However, if the tkinter specific commands were changed it could easily be used for other canvas based objects as the theory behind the GUI is t
C# classes for generating SemanticUI elements
A program made for my school CS class that allows you to build a logic gate circuit and execute it using the console, written in Java.
Unofficial tool for IO-DATA HVL-A2.0
local-nginx docker container with everything built locally

Android Studio Game Development by j DiMarzio
A MTG Life Total application for Android.
Markdown to PDF conversion server on node.js, POST *.md, retrieve *.pdf result
Loopback Admin Component
Log when you work during the day.
A Haskell API to google Sheets 

Implements Kruskal's algorithm for finding the Minimum Spanning Tree (MST) of a graph in Racket (specifically in Advanced Student Language). The graph API is also contained in this file.
An Android Mobile app produced to work with the MEMI bracelet
A turn-based strategy game spanning multiple generations.
Open Source DLP/SLA Host control and slicing application, inspired by projectlayer, using Slic3r for slicing.
Return a clean list from a comma separated values string
TensorFlow scripts for evaluating generalization capacity
Random snippets of HTML (et al) for very little, if any, reason
Barebones Symfony3 framework - a micro framework which can grow into a full framework
Helper provider to assist in general crud functions of a restful controller
Emulate In-memory storage like database


A Nukkit plugin which adds some useful commands in game like '/sethome'
Test-Driven Development, from the very beginning, with Python (Django app)
Book reader that stores history and can plan
GitChecker is an open source tool which aggregates statistics about Github projects
Using PHP to generate a social network web application; MySQL was used in the back-end.


An intuitive, action-based, chainable helper library for Protractor
import data from excel or csv and calculate using statistic function
A CCNet trigger plugin created to respond to Github's web hooks.
Plugin for unicode character entry in Sublime Text, targeted at LuaTeX.
UNIX-like OS written in go
A Google App Script to read the movie year and title from Google Spreadsheet and fetch the metadata for the media through the OMDB API
Web development with careerfoundry
Source code for "Unsupervised Lexicon Discovery from Acoustic Input ", Lee et al, 2015 TACL
Play Mafia Game on PocketMine Server!

A lightweight transmission torrent client docker image.
Game created for a 48 hour game jam with friends in June of 2015
Parse react source file and generate html or markdown table

EASI Programming Language Source Code
Mac OS Installation Helper is a tool to that can help you install Mac OS to any supported laptops.
fonts to use with athena based projects
Himesama is a YhavaScript library for building user interfaces.  Its just like React, except components re-render in response to a single global state (like in redux) rather than states distributed to each component.
UIkit components built with React (Meteor package)
Log Combiner & Processor project in perl for VOIP client log processing  
PHP library for working with BillPlz API
Win the Clue board game every time with this logical reasoning deducer. Written in Ruby.  
reindent code, whilst preserving git blame
Installer for the open fpga toolset for Lattice processors. This tool has been created so that it can be translated to any languages.
Redactor plugin for copy formatting of text in editor and applying to another text in editor
Airbitz CSV export to Quickbooks QBO/OFX file import format
code for game, codeCombat.
Library to create UI elements for Browser based games
Locates all files in directory hierarchy that match some criteria
InsomniaX - Keep your Mac awake the easy way
REST API for scraped J! Archive data (Jeopardy categories & clues) (node.js)
A Telegram bot that uses Markov chains to learn to speak from a chat.
System made to play the game Street fighter II from the SNES based in a Neural Network Machine Learning
Generate makefiles for projects with subfolders
Python project using LastFM and Spotify APIs that allows user to create Spotify playlist with their LastFM loved tracks.
iOS Attributor
less than realtime game library for the web
Expose matplotlib figures over http
A RESTful API + websockets framework for managing containers over a set of Docker Nodes. 
FreeCodeCamp Basejumps API projects
pipsi-tool is set of helpers for pipsi.
just for fun, "double color balls" lottery game prediction. use perl fast ANN library.

Transform and inject resources into HTML template.
This is the project site for API monetization
Traffic Lighter Source Code for Wokshop Addon
Instantly Encodes/Decodes in and out from base64 as you type.
SAKURA Cloud API client for Go
Mariadb docker image with some customizable variables.
Generates Mazes using Algorithm from Data Structures
Syntax Highlighting support for Environment (.env) Files
A jekyll template made to serve content in JSON format. Administered your content with Github or prose.io and deploy your JSON API to Github pages. 
This is the project site for API evangelism.
A free framework for Unity that will help drastically increase the development speed and feature set of your games.


I implemented the game breakout using C++ and the X window library
Plethora is an open-source PHP framework which gives a set of tools to create web-applications.
The data upload tool for SwitchON, based on the JQuery File Upload and the Flask File Upload tool.
A Command Line Utility made in Python that downloads subtitles for a Video File using its Hash and then opens VLC Media Player with the Subtitle Loaded.
Front-End JavaScript Frameworks: AngularJS from HK University
This tool will help you to generate a Config.ttc file with your own connection stuff.
Old school project, for a connect-4 solver and AI.
A Facebook word cloud game 
This minimal Arduino based clock was created to replace our faulty bedroom clock until we purchase a new one :P
Flask-powered responsive version of the web site for Curves+.
Server for storing touch data received from Android devices with touchlogger installed on

Python application to take images from Raspberry Pi camera(s) at configurable intervals - ideal for time-lapse photography
A NLP module that reads local files (.txt) from a folder or webpages (.html) from a bookmark file and displays the 20 most popular words, indicating the interests and e-hobbies of the user.
Pyed is the abbreviation of Python Event Driver. It offers user a rapid development for a event system using tcpserver, timer etcd
Aqua Theme for Bludit
reading and processing file system trees in sbt console
API for mobile application

Android Application for TotoCafe 
A perlin for Java, include several types random generator.
movie converter script for your ipad based on ffmpeg
A library useful to implement BAAS (Backend As A Service) in Java (strongly based on Spring)
A Nominet-compatible EPP client written in C.
User & Admin session in PHP
type.js - a wysiwyg editing framework
Back-up to your Stack storage
Translation module for meteor astronomy
This is the second angular application based on sports store delivery
Smart grocery list manager in Kotlin for Android
A Java application for finding Polydivisble numbers
vk Document app, help read, look, change document in your android phone
Wordpress Theme for BD Guide
rawgit button extension for firefox
Play steam games inside a docker container.
Java-API which helps programmers to create Kafka Consumer and Kafka producer and Integrate with their apps easily
Contains whole scripts which has been made by me
A Super Mario project developed in C for the university TUHH in Germany
Use your Xiaomi MiBand for Geocaching!

https://tools.wmflabs.org/contact
developed using PHP/MySQL
Migrate JTS version control from SVN to GIT
A backup tool for GitHub repositories
Web scrapper on nodejs platform

Interactive visualisations of the data available from the Indian government.
Bluez5 and PulseAudio in a docker for recieve and send sound via a2dp
Provides Syncthing Debian packages from <http://apt.syncthing.net/>.
A command line tool for managing font data on a single svg file
A Laravel Application for storing all your contacts
npm install react-native-pageview
PHP package for encrypting and decrypting files
Reads your xbox one gamer tag video rss feed and displays the videos and screenshots onto your website. You can now save images and videos now
rails-dev docker-image w/ related gem bundled
Sponge plugin that handles some things for the server The Unknown.
Pin entry component for react-native
A tool for managing live and recorded youtube videos between different users
Common Plugin for DotoQuiz
A Python bot that queries every AppID on the steam store for given passwords the user enters for the Steam Winter Sale 2015/2016 ARG
Check certificates in a java keystore without having to know the keystore password
Read CERT output files in one directory, calculate the overall means and convert the means to a csv file
OData server on top of MySQL
Google App Invites for React Native
A Command Line Utility made in Python for Windows to Rename the Song as "Artist Name-Song Name" and make the first Google Image Search Result of "Artist Name-Song Name" as the Album Art of the Song


Generates new pairs of randomly generated Sudoku puzzles and solutions
The editor for the WinBox engine
Javascript based web app uses d3 library for representing languages used by user on repositories
Node.js module to manage SSH Configuration files in a sane way.
Create a Unix-like permissions string from an `fs.stat` file or directory `mode`, eg `0777`to `-rwxrwxrwx`

Just a quick flask site. With a postgreSQL db (hopefully). 
WordPress site for http://www.schome.org/. License required for theme (templatemonster.com 52176).
A Google Chrome extension for WorkFlowy to add markdown support and syntax highlighting in notes
BZFlag map development tool
Just Another Competitive Scorer. It takes input, filters the files to be checked, and Scores them on Ten  
Experimenting with string escaping and byte string -> text encodings
Robot Framework Test Case Editing and Running Development Environment with Web.
A python script to retrieve current weather and forecast data from openweathermap.org for your current position as well as any city arroudn the world. The Data can be loaded in a conky config file.
ToDo List using MEAN Stack + AngularJS
Ionic component for collapsible comment threads
Mirror-based reflection for Objective-C

A helper for organising Our Christian Life And Ministry Meeting
Chatbot plugin for Indigo Server
Converting Meteors Todo tutorial to typescript while using react for rendering
Blog develop by php
[0.0.2] Extract emails from a text
scripts and configuration of the ledger-cli

Tool for generating random api response based on schema

Automatic docker configurations for osx
Vue BEM Directive - A vue.js directive for automatic BEM class generation when creating components. A very rough example can be found here: https://jsfiddle.net/at1h1z1z/6/

An HTTP download server optimized for podcasts
Chatango Chatroom And Pms Client
movableui theme
A django app to be used with django_netjsongraph to show network stats
Application for taking notes, written in rails.
Library to connect to Stanford NER local Server, send in the Raw Text and get back Entity JSON
ruby json server
Cross-platform notes application made with Electron and Angular.
A framework for pragmatic web systems development
Cloud Block Storage as a Service
express view engine for partial react views
tools for playing streams and embedded videos live on the raspberry pi.
Morra game built for a project in the university

HTML5 Clock jQuery Plugin
Final content of the system of the group project
Web-based app to systemacically review your queued tasks in Todoist task manager.
An authentication server for PostgREST
Some guy wanted my vesa code, so here it is
Automatically created docker image for php

A JavaScript library to work with weather information and forecasts data provided by Open Weather Map.
A storage application for malt and hops built in Django.
Android implementation of Conway's Game of Life using AnimatedVectorDrawables
 A Traybar Application for WhatsApp written in C++
Ruby JSON-only client for QuickBooks Online API v3. Built on top of the Faraday gem.
Android App to display Google Calendar on a Nook eReader
This is the repository that holds the application that we need for authorizing users for our comment-app.
[0.0.2] Extract plain text from any kind of document
Single page angular web app for EigenMusik.
A helper Android library to extend a Map class to make it multi-key.
Parses csv and creates a plot of all the points. Currently very specific to the table format I'm using.
Blog system built on Node.JS using LEAF framework for front end design.
Lightweight framework for old-school RPG GUI in web!
GUI/Software for collaborating with a team real-time via Socket.io/Node.js, designed for tablets in mind.
This is about to bring all educational arena in one spot.
staging website
Quick & dirty, but restores URL from a given file (pinned tabs)


A python program to organize cave topography data and create maps
TuxMath is an arcade game that helps people practice their math facts.
A openwrt build environment using docker

Blank gulp-based project for fast start
Arch install script
A subtley elegant ghost theme
You don't know Jack.
An implementation of Ant Colony System in Java
Abox lite version
R helper package for creating, manipulating, and visualizing Atlantis input files and data
A Python script to help you write more human readable config files for TextMate
nodejs docker ci
A MongoDB storage driver for Botkit
cross-platform bin manager; list and empty all your bins!
Chrome extension to prevent you from scrolling down on Facebook too much
VS 2015 syntax highlighting for Lolcode



Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Spring MVC 4 RESTFul Web Service
Scabbia2 LightStack Component
Scabbia2 Scanners Component
python script for mirroring youtube videos
Scabbia2 Yaml Component
Scabbia2 Formatters Component
Scabbia2 Helpers Component
Scabbia2 Router Component
Scabbia2 Services Component
FreeCodeCamp exercises from http://www.freecodecamp.com/
Scabbia2 Testing Component

Amazon data parser
B.U.R.N is an Url Redirectioni &Longernizer service standing on a single webpage without the need of a server-side interpreter.

Blogging Web App in CodeIgniter (Php Framework)
Some docker images and convenience scripts for g-2 development

A light Weight App for Testing Multiplayer Game Dev Using Lidgren
Custom Section plugin for Impress Pages CMS
Python scripts from the 'Raspberry Pi Cookbook for Python Programmers' Tim Cox (2014)
PenBox - A Penetration Testing Framework - The Tool With All The Tools , The Hacker's Repo
A bunch of self-hosted services packed into one Docker host


Be a library hijacker: using LD_PRELOAD for setting safe home-made memcpy
CV3 is an eCommerce platform. This serves to act as an additional resource for personal use. If it helps you, enjoy.
Yet another productivity application
Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Library and multi-object file format for storing and managing data between machines, https://www.hdfgroup.org/products/hdf4/
popover component for angular applications
todo app
A website which states your geolocation
Set of tools for dealing with time data

Text Mining with Java tf-idf and more
web-based tool usage timer for maker space. server implemented in flask python web framework. Runs on linux, and PC

A toolbox for (micro)benchmarking of C programs on x86_64.
A @p5xjs game, made by @sergeography and @danbernier. Eat some flies!
The Ninja Tracker application created by following Meteor + React
Enhanced Start - Program Launcher
Customizable sticky notes for the web. Chrome extension

This repository contains executable applications created by Changing Places Group, MIT Media Lab.
Gulp plugin that improves your site with modern web standards.


Collection of tree data structures and iterators for each.
A file system is designed using C Language where the sector size is 512 Bytes. It is a CUI where we can create, open and delete a file or directory and read, write and seek from a file.
Contact list app with ActiveRecord exercise for W3D2 of lighthouselabs.com web development bootcamp
Congressional App Challenge ~2015-2016 (Vikram Sharma, Michael Chen, Sahaj Putcha, Nishant Yadav)
:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component
Angular captcha is a angular directive. It is providing captch functionality without server integration
eXeLearning with native saving in standard ePUB files and pure HTML/Javascript interaction templates (iDevices).  Work in progress.
A jQuery/Backbone application in which users can make wolf versions of themselves

Ensure all lines in a CSV contain placeholders for missing columns. Solution for 'missing column' errors when using postgres COPY command

Some Low level stuff with linux using C and python
Program which makes a double column list of of NIST vulnerabilities
reproducible pipeline to go along with work for semantic-image-comparison
A OkHttp 3 client implementation for Retrofit 1.
A website template layout
Ever wished to play a MU* from the comfort of your IRC client?  Well now you can!
A library that interfaces with SharedPreferences and makes it easy to store data across devices including Android Wear syncing
K-Way Merge Sort, implemented using both a Heap, and a conventional, slower method. Written in Python.
Brooke Burnside Ceramic Art | Architecture Portfolio Site
Simplified backup tool written in python
Program to get and solve astronomical pictures from an DSLR camera

Monokai Extended dark syntax theme for Atom editor
Tools for competitive programming: downloader, code template, autotester

Material Design implementation with style guide
Program to maintain a database of your own personal comic collection, with comic details from GCD (comics.org).
An open-source alternative to Synthesia
Webpack Typescript React Testing with Karma
weewx extension that POSTs live wx data to remote RESTful endpoint
Docker scripts to create lambdacube development environment
screenshare chrome extension for tokbox
Pixi.js template using ES6/2015
Turn 2-Dimensional SVG Paths into 3-Dimensional STL Meshes
Default scripts for wormbot
A dockerized Jupyter server for data science.
Python project for calculating and storing class statistics.

textlint rule that check spell using SJSJ(Simplified JavaScript Jargon).
Simon Says game to learn object-oriented programming
A utility for building a list of breadcrumbs from chopped URL's.

http://pace-calculator.amartynov.ru

A program to parse Minecraft Forge recipes, and turn them into FTB Wiki templates
Maintains a local copy of the eeDomus database
Temperature Monitor based on Adafruit HUZZAH ESP8266
client side scripts to help maintain our websites and online tools
API for Astronomy Pics of the Day site. Written in Node.js
uses latest yahoo finance site to retrieve data into mongodb or dynamically for analysis
Use of built in arrays, but now I used multidimensional arrays to store students grades
Machine for doing OpenStack contributions.  This saves you having to do all the prerequisite stuff on your development machine, so you can just get right to fixing code/docs and submitting.  Some minor tweaking needed to individualize. 
Turbot scraper for http://missions.opencorporates.com/missions/779/
Programming data structures using C plus plus
An Android application that takes notes
Docker project for creating teamspeak servers.
ruby 2.3.0 development
A core implementation of all WakaTime C#-driven plugins for IDE such as VisualStudio, Xamarin Studio, Monodevelop etc
A JQuery plugin to interact with Axilent ACE

A searchbot that quickly searches stuff for you on the web
View status of VNX Mirrorview mirrors via web or email report
This game is modeled after the traditional game snake. The object of the game is for the snake to eat a piece of food that appears randomly on the screen. As the snake, eats a piece of food it grows in length making the game more difficult. The score and 
Django Project Git
Hobby project for sharing songs
c++ and openGL chess program

An Opal library for creating view models that use Knockout.js for dynamic HTML DOM updates and event handling.
Fluid dynamics component of Chemical Engineering Design Library (ChEDL)
Repo for .js roguelike development
Portfolio Website
Paramalyzer - Burp extension for parameter analysis of large-scale web application penetration tests.
2-cycle MIPs CPU implemented in Logisim.
Comment Parser for Casey Neistat 2015 Giveaway
Royal Blue Wordpress theme
Wordpress Theme Freifunk 
An app for tracking the progress your work
python tools for genetics analyses
Arduino code for controlling a garage door motor
Babel plugin to automatically install missing dependencies as you work.
MarsDB storage implementation based on LevelUP
This project will be an Open ID, .net 5, MVC6, React, Dapper, and Breeze base project.
A little hours program for work hours
Express.js module for VK server authentication

App website for the Family Medicine Study Guide
Django-based LDAP user registration service
Generate a docker-compose yaml definition from a running container
A set of scripts we use with Docker and Amazon ECS/ECR to manage things.
5th-class-laravel-3-Happysk created by Classroom for GitHub

Find dates inside text using Python and get back datetime objects
This script enables system admins and Linux/Unix users to create cron jobs that run according to the Hijri calendar and can be related to prayer times.
Checking out react
Managana 2.X core classes
Add the pigpio library to kodi on the raspberry pi 2 for I/O purposes

The essential files for our site theme, based on the free Wordpress theme "Edin"
Final project of 520 Intro. to AI. Naive Bayesian, Perceptron & Neural Network Classifiers for handwrite digits and faces.
Password Storage

Adapts Lamba Router Requests and Responses to NodeJS HTTP Request and Responses
An alternative API endpoint service for NASA's APOD data.
Photo Bombers project from Treehouse "Build a Photo Browser iPhone App"
micropython class for Si7005 relative humidity/temperature sensor
Designing Restful API Final Project -https://www.udacity.com/course/designing-restful-apis--ud388

Flickr photo gallery with ES6, jQuery and promises
Assignment 1 for 520 Intro. to AI. A Star Search
Easy configuration setting and getting for Laravel projects ("persistent settings")
Reference architecture for a todo-application built on HTML5/Angular 2/Bootstrap.
A Cisco IP phone config generator written in PHP
a3 config manager
Creating an object oriented program to generate Java byte code for any TinyPL program
This repo is useful for iOS developers who wants to animate label on the text field.
Vim bindings to the HaRe haskell refactoring tool
Java library and examples of using LEGO WeDo with Processing 3.
Hayashi Empirical Work
Easy-to-use collection of Guarantee types
A plugin for Unreal Engine 4 that lets you integrate Parse.com native features into your project.
The Nethunter Linux Root Toolkit is a collection of bash scripts which install Nethunter onto a supported device.

Puppet Module to install and configure etherpad
A quick guessing game I made for a Powershell class at Bellingham Technical College
Created a 3d environment for a music folder. 

Is the ground shaking from an earthquake or just a truck driving by? After moving to CA, its hard to tell
Node.js bindings for several USB scales (Pitney Bowes, Dymo, etc.)
Hayashi Empirical Work
Reader for the binary ".wbm"-extension format created by NCH Software programs such as Wavepad. Implemented in Python.
(C#) Application to handle horse show riders, and print reports of the classes
Sartorial Genius app
Exigo corp wordpress
A Ruby scraping script/API query ready for Heroku scheduler & cron setup notes
Verify New Torrents Scraper
create your graph and run Dijkstra to get the shortest path between 2 nodes
A skeleton of a react web application.
a url search based on the Coursera API, by the Johns Hopkins University - MD
Run command in vim with current buffer and see the result side-by-side
DES encryption & decryption ( python )
Interactive tool which allows you to generate terrain and save it as a prefab
Vagrant setup that creates a  ci server for all sorts of languages and tools
A clean version of our swerve drive code designed to be easily integrated into a new project.
Mob timer written in JavaFX
NMMSO: The R Implementation
Scrape daily currency exchange rates from website
React-Redux-ES6-Webpack version of Book Catalog
Budget First is an open source budget application based on the envelope budgeting or zero-sum budget approach, in which income is partitioned in various categories and spending only occurs from these categories.


QR code editor
Blog Development
Stress consistency snapshot isolation in various relational databases. See also: https://johann.schleier-smith.com/blog/2016/01/06/analyzing-a-read-only-transaction-anomaly-under-snapshot-isolation.html
Java library to add multiple users conversation mecanism to your app.
A fully automated HTTPS server powered by Nginx, Let's Encrypt and Docker.
Remember that stupid game you used to play on your old Nokia all the time?
A node.js server farm with everything you ever dreamed of
JavaScript bitmap processing filters for images, video and canvas supporting HTML5 Web Workers.
php chat
Automated test harness for performing demo playback regression tests for DOOM source ports that implement demo logging.
A Windows 10 PDF reader app. Goals include 1) No options, 2) Touch and mouse friendly
Interactive visualisations of the data available from the Indian government.


node's net api in react-native

A java-based bot API for http://turntable.fm/
A four-day Agile project to create an online store in Rails
A set of challenges for jump starting your understanding of monads.
Android application which uses OCR to extract text from images of receipts and documents and backs them upto Google Drive.
Gesture recognizers written in Kotlin
A python extension wrapper for avro-c
Circuitscape is a free, open-source program which borrows algorithms from electronic circuit theory to predict patterns of movement, gene flow, and genetic differentiation among plant and animal populations in heterogeneous landscapes. Circuit theory comp
Todd's primary github public page repo.
EF Core reference console application to try out various things with Entity Framework Core. Implements features of a student enrollment application.
A Rails Engine that makes it easy to create shortened URLs for your rails application
Set of tools for initializing and deploying Wordpress sites
DEPRECATED: USE MAPBOX.JS
Automatic offload of user-written Spark kernels to accelerators

Tool for managing list of authorized USB devices on Linux.
Outil de calcul de medecine pour smartphone
Android repo for Steer Clear App
Chris Johnson's HTML project template
Grove is a way for developers to share git repositories directly over HTTP, without needing a central service like GitHub to connect them. Developers can share as many repositories as they like, and don't need to push their changes or branches in order to
a PHP API for converting online (HTML) timetables into JSON, XML and more. Currently only supports versions of the Untis timetable software.
App to display and allow downloads from RootzWiki forum OPs
A tool to assist in the publication of biodiversity data
Custom Puppet Modules/Facts/Functions etc I've cleaned up and feel like sharing....
Download upstream tarballs and fetch changes from the github API
A browser game built with HTML5 and JavaScript
Buildstep uses Docker and Buildpacks to build applications like Heroku
This is a WIP server tools system for Garry's Mod.
Helper library for working with VMware from python
Support for using Spring when developing native Android applications.
Command Line Interface for the development of Homey Apps
A ruby script to download all files from your classic Basecamp account
Pull to refresh ListView like iPhone has, derived from Johan's work
Change Ruby I18n localize to use parsi digits and jalaly dates in farsi locale
VATSIM traffic viewer for Android
[Deprecated] use locomotive cms or similar http://locomotivecms.com
DynaMechs rebuilt with CMake. Original project website: http://sourceforge.net/projects/dynamechs/  (This link has been down for a while, then some unknown guy resurrected it). DynaMechs is orginally developed by Scott McMillan. Current version has been t
Data-oriented game engine written in Rust
A string extensions library for node.js
A jQuery plugin for displaying a favicon on links.

An old iOS application which displays the latest software updates from MacUpdate. Never published - No longer developed nor maintained.
Atmos iOS is an open source project for crowdsourcing user and sensor generated data about the weather on iOS devices.
OMeta: an Object-Oriented Language for Pattern Matching. PHP implementation of OMeta/JS.














HTML validator for emacs using flymake and validator.nu


















360 Wordpress Plugin
Drives 8 LEDs using a MSP430G2231 microcontroller at a user selected rate.
will be a data packaging management tool - WIP
Sound-to-light system for Hue
Sublime Text 2/3 Snippets for CakePHP
A little help to viewing ArcGIS Server, Geocommons, Arc2Earth, CartoDB, GIS Cloud, etc. vector data in a Leaflet map
\N
Bachelor Relation system
Keep tabs on expensive Ruby garbage collection. Support for NewRelic RPM and Rack.
empty mdogo skeleton app
Auburn University math department syllabus template

Parses an initialisation (ini) text file and returns a ColdFusion structure of properties.
Data winners is a data collection application supporting multiple channels like sms, web and smartphone. Goal is to enable seamless data collection, reporting and visualization.
Go package for interacting with The Google Geocoding API.
A Penn Treebank-style parsed corpus of historical Greek from Homer through the Greek New Testament.
Making diploid assembly becomes common practice for genomic study
Play music using the Tikitag RFID reader
Ruby library for Microsoft Bing Search API

A procedural RPG in C
Generic notification system for Django, with multiple input types and output backends
A lightweight, client-side scripting library.

YCanvas is an open source 2D tile renderer library written in ActionScript 3. It provides high performance solution for rendering world maps. The library also contains Stage3D (GPU) accelerated implementation based on Starling.
Profiler is a software component to easier the investigation of the performance issue. It provides some tools to report the CPU usage and call times of the profiled places.
An Xposed mod to add a button to the app info window for installed apps that takes you to the Play Store page for that app
Set expiry dates for users in WordPress
A lightweight browser extension that scrobbles the music you listen to on the web.
TwEater (short for Twitter Eater) is a tool designed to help you archive long-term Twitter search queries. TwEater supports a variety of backends, from flat files to MySQL databases, and it's easy to plug in your own storage code. TwEater is released unde
A Node.js wrapper around the SauceConnect jar file
Cross-platform game engine written in C++.
Create Vim colorschemes with Ruby
A pyrocms module that adds Facebook page or profile photo albums to your website
libomegle is a little C++ (or python with provided bindings) library for interfacing with the 'Omegle' random-pairing instant messaging service.
A social news website (YARC - yet another reddit clone)
This repo will contain the 3.4 kernel for Sony Xperia MSM8960T devices
some common TD Learning algorithms
Sample Rootkit for Linux
Sublime Text 2 command to format long SQL statement to a more readable form (also available via Package Control)
For a given Parameterized Project, this plugin shows the builds sorted by the parameters used to execute the builds
Kujua Lite is a web based SMS data collection and analytics tool focused on community health care workers in rural environments. We help large health organizations collect and analyze data sent from health care workers using ordinary mobile phones.
Framework for building WSGI apps in which requests and responses are just dictionaries.
rename files with numbered filenames
Example WINAPI WebKit example
Public Suffix List module for Python
IronBee Development Tools
Plugins of Construct 2
1% of what a mature configuration management tool does, written in bash
A distributed data scraper for consuming Blizzard's WoW API
Plugin for BigBrotherBot that enforces text file banlists
The official PHP API Client for XMWS
Switcher - A WiFi Open Source Power Switch
Erlang Redis Client Pool for eredis
\N
Communicate in Morse Code using Arduino, Twilio, node.js and a lamp.
The AmazonS3 Drupal module allows the local file system to be replaced with S3. Uploads are saved into the drupal file table using D7's new file/stream wrapper system.
Erlang HTTP linked-in driver

Python Implementation of the TrueSkill, Glicko and Elo Ranking Algorithms
ip2location library bindings for node.js

:computer: A school project using Google App Engine and Google Maps. :skull:
This repository contains scripts that can be used to control extreme feedback devices for the Jenkins Continuous Integration server
JRuby desktop application for managing, manipulating and transforming data assets
Various tips I collect.

Use your own class object to easily load and save configuration settings to App/Web/Custom .config or .xml file.
ATLAS good runs list reader and command-line tools
Squid report tool: Generate flexible reports for your squid server in realtime. Written in PHP5
Auxiliary plugin of RealtimeRender for transferring files by Secure Copy (SCP).
PHP-based parsing library for aviation METAR weather reports and TAF forecasts.
HyperDB is an advanced database class that supports replication, failover, load balancing, and partitioning.
GnuPG - GNU Privacy Guard - tool for secure communication and data storage
Functions to calculate student growth percentiles and percentile growth projections/trajectories for students using large scale,          longitudinal assessment data.  Functions use quantile regression to estimate the conditional density associated      
A script to help cutting releases of your projects in a single step (following some conventions).
Etherton One Name Study using JSF
Vim Config for C and C++
Notes and scripts for setting up a Ubuntu backup server
Fast and fuzzy file opener for Bash in Go
Enhanced configuration file related tools for Python
Java implementation of a Disk-based LRU cache which specifically targets Android compatibility.
Use social profile data from your Janrain Engage application to prefill forms
An Angry Birds-like programmed in Java as a school project

Extended SharedPreferences Class for Android
An OpenSoundControl (OSC) server to dynamically instantiate and control Java objects. Its main application is a GUI library for SuperCollider.
Erlang LSM BTree Storage
Twitter component for Apache Camel
A SimpleDB Administration web-interface
A remote monitoring application using Node.js, MongoDB, and Twitter Bootstrap.


This library hopes to provide a helper class to be used by any Java based reporting tool like Jasper/Pentaho
Sample sketch app using HTML5 Canvas that demonstrates lineTo drawing techniques, as well as brush images.
Port of xbill game to JavaScript

Latex 2 CNXML Transformation
FortiGate automatic backup script.
Functional test library for F# / C# / VB.NET
Python Meta Programming 
JavaScript source code visualization, static analysis, and complexity tool
Replicating intriguing numerical properties of the Qur'an with easy-to-follow, open source procedures
Similar syntax highlighting to GitHub 
HTTPS client implementation for httplib and urllib2 based on PyOpenSSL

A source code dump for OneButton FTP, an old OS X FTP client.
Calaos Web App - HTML5 (based on AngularJS) Application for calaos home automation system
CakePHP2: Deprecated parent controller class that adds a helper _respond() method for ajax requests
Enhances your ActiveRecord model to export its data to a sitemap in an intuitive way
A program which allows several people to queue music to a single computer for use on example LAN parties or at the office.
General tools for Neil
The qWikiOffice Web Desktop is an open source project committed to providing an online experience that is unique and user friendly.  Ajax technology combined with the EXT-JS library and cutting edge graphics allow qWikiOffice and the web applications with
zip module for appcelerators titanium mobile

A client-server tool that locks/unlocks TCP/UDP ports on a remote machine.
forked from http://redmine.the.re/git/puppet-rsnapshot.git
OWS web app changed from unstructured javascript to Backbone and Underscore JS
Codeigniter 2 class for google analytics api


Twitter like NavigationController
A lightweight RESTful router component for PHP 5.3+
The diff washing machine. See your code changes clearly.
Separated groovy template engine for the Play! framework
Java(TM) based open graphics 2D
Creates notification to launch alarm clock from status bar.
Enhances the PuTTY's features, can support stop/start/find for serial, and support adb(android debug bridge)
NSFormatter subclass for iphone-like phone number field
Core52: Rapid development MVC Framework for PHP - Official Repository
Interprocedural Static Analysis Engine for Scala
User page
Node.js module to list all files in a directory or any subdirectories.
just trying various things with Ember.js
DO NOT USE. Riakkit. An ORM for Python Riak for RAD. Similar to mongokit and couchdbkit. This is about to be deprecated by kvkit
A C# .NET example using MongoDb to create and display scary dragons! Uses a repository pattern and business layer to access data in the cloud via MongoLab.
The simplest Chef recipe that could possibly work.

HAProxy monitor library for node.js


A node.js module for reactive webcrawling
A system to better manage UITableView data source classes, because they can be reusable too! 
notifies android phones from irc private messages
A libnoise port to Java
A gem allowing an active_record model to have previous, next based on single column
node.js tumblr API client (incomplete)

Tiny Ruby library to work with Maven's pom.xml files.
FatBox CORE API Client
A wrapper for Swing aiming to provide more concise syntax and extra functionality. Still in heavy development, syntax may change radically.

iOS application deployment helpers
An installation created in collaboration with Thomas Lock and Robin Rimbaud (Scanner)
A Ruby program that can parse plain text files to generate probability tables and then generate random names using these tables.
command-line interface helper utility for ruby
Alternative calendar export plugin for Moodle 2
php site to monitor alarm events from python-alarm
Powershell Scripts
Pagelime Rails Plugin
Breakout is a free, completely open-source iOS 7 jailbreak.
Utility code for for AVR app development, generally tailored for the Teensy 
DB classes for node JS
This includes a set of documents rewritten in LaTeX to understand the language and to give a better and elegant look to them
A brand new PHP framework which aims to make coding simpler
generates iTunes Music Library xml files
Timelab is a C API for writing stand alone sound synthesis algorithms. It is intended for deployment on embedded systems, but can run on a computer just fine. The purpose of timelab is to provide a framework for a novel approach to synthesis based on nume
Objective-C wrapper around the Sparkling API
Web app for work
The website for the xylophone framework
pencil tool for drawing on scalable vector graphics
A custom home page with a search engine and other helpful widgets.
This version actual has files in it!
R package to help manage the datasets, models, and processes of behavioral model development.  VERY early in development.
Python solution to make lines of text in a file a JavaScript array
A Chrome DevTools theme based on @kkga's Spacegray theme.
A maven plugin for data-driven, template-based code generation
LWIP implementation of MQTT stack
Open source library for SPI/I2C control via FTDI chips

miniKanren with declarative copy term (copyo)
RatLang is an open source programming language that wants to replace your calculator. It strives for the most concise syntax and the most useful language constructs to make writing calculations faster.
A C program that calculates e to the 10,000th place. 
A TeamCity plugin for the Trigger.io command-line build tools
Make any image into ascii art with jQuery on Crossrider as a cross-platform browser extension
Complete (in theory...) documentation for Ractive.js
Adds a menu to the WordPress admin bar that consists of helpful webmaster links.
Gen Y Edu Game(Cocos2d-x, Box2D)
is a form of data analysis that extracts models describing important data classes. Such models, called classifiers, predict categorical (discrete, unordered) class labels.
Test Plugin for WordPress that allows users to add Global Message anywhere on the blog.
Android library implement drag GridView item to change with animation
A super lightweight visual HSL, RGB and hex color picker with a responsive, touch-friendly and customizable UI. Compatible with jQuery or Zepto.
PoC for canopy style testing framework for winforms/win32 etc using System.Windows.Automation
Javascript Function Parser
The framework behind the server.
A Game Template I developed that is similar to games like Mafia Wars. (Not 100% complete)

Unlimited* cloud storage
Ex8, co-written with Dylan Otto Krider was an open-ended assignment from our Games Programming class using Java and OpenGL
RPM build scripts for PrestoDB
An iOS component for sighting a point using the camera and compass.
iPenTest (previously a Metasploit iOS POC)
an iOS component for drawing on an image
Safe process variable for Node App Engine

open source http server
An extension for Brackets that generates the 'base HTML code' much like DreamWeaver does.
A Firefox extension for better tab handling.
Background service to collect android application's usage 
Jenkins buddy to create jenkins easily, require jenkins-job-builder
Special version of the new Robot Builder (version 0.0.2) that compiles code that uses WPILibExtensions
Adds functionality to jQuery deferreds that act like normal deferred methods but also can pass along properties on the deferreds when they are piped.  Probably most useful for ensuring your AJAX deferreds keep their XHR methods as you use the deferred cha
Internationalize is a ruby library for transfering your local Rails (-version > 3.0 ) project to an I18n format.  It will automatically extract hard-coded text from your ERB view file, then choose a proper key and replace them with the I18n.translate meth
Bash scripts to verify directory structure, file permissions, or command output.
Various inventory management tools for Minecraft servers running CraftBukkit
implementation of the 4 row game
Vpn for android
Access Flickr's API via Jsonp from your browser
Implement text ellipsis effect without CSS(CSS ellipsis only can make one line, but it overcomes limitation) in mobile environment used by jQuery
AngularJS + Rails 4 running on PostreSQL. RSpec for testing.
Loja Virtual com Cake Php
PHP Forum Facebook Style
Distributed graph storage based on Akka and Scala
A WIP Adminmod for Just Cause 2 Multiplayer
CiviCRM extension with custom searches for De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension for the specific API wrapper De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension De Goede Woning synchronization with First Noa
Replaces script references with Google CDN ones
Gala night web site code
markdown-site
A web server for an online chatroom implementation
Django Navigation App (helper for django-sitetree)

!WARNING! Application not finished! Realtime chat with moderation mode - moderators can publish only hand-picked messages, which can be useful in Q&A sessions. Node and Angular.
SublimeLinter plugin for php, using phpmd.
Santa is an arcade video game where the player has to open some gifts and avoid some others.
Display recent Google contacts list with their Name, Email and Phone numbers.  
TwitCasting-rb is a TwitCasting API wrapper in Ruby implements.
An extension methods to simplify javascript.
The card game Blackjack written for Rails
"Guess the Number" JavaScript challenge repo
A Location Based Micro-Blogging Application for UC Santa Barbara
Export your database as a Laravel Migration. And export your DB data as a seed file. Finally sync all this with your remote server.
Read Debian control files with node
O2 Version Started
Qt5 port of https://gitorious.org/heebo
SlopeGraph Extension for QlikView (using D3).
A collection of CSS3 powered hover effects to be applied to links, buttons, logos, SVG, featured images and so on. Easily apply to your own elements, modify or just use for inspiration. Available in CSS, Sass, and LESS.
Convert a folder with images to an ePub file. Great for comics and manga!
The PHP script that ran the old Raspberry Pi mirror system that lived at downloads.raspberrypi.org
Helper scripts for UltimateFishbot
A chrome extenstion to add list navigation item to top nav in chrome
some pentesting tools (scripts, modules, etc.)
Recursively locks all files in a given SVN directory. (For migrating source code over to git ;))
Guadalinex v9 meta package with compiled version of firefox 24.2.0
Flickr: Tools for downloading, munging, analyzing Flickr data
SiteForge is a powerful static website generator built on Node.js
Modification of WPExplorer's Tetris WP Theme
This is a file server that has an email user interface (EUI).  It uses IMAP and SMTP
A tool for watching changes in files. Written in coffee as a substitute for inotify, makes use of the fs.watch commands.
Strip comments from JSON. Lets you use comments in your JSON files!
GnuCash Python helper script to import transactions from QIF text files into GnuCash's own file format
A Ruby script that opens many programs at the same time. Used for when turning on my machine in the morning
Elegant Line Graphs for iOS (charting library)
Tray icon to list/start/stop VMs
An android tank game.
Think gnome-keyring but using gpg-agent instead of a buggy daemon. Intended for use OfflineIMAP, mutt, or similar applications
Copy changed blocks from one file to another
A RequireJS plugin for loading and compiling (with r.js) JavaScript files containing JSX.
Ruby client for finn.no ads REST API
Use yeoman to generate a handlebars helper that can easily be used with Assemble.
Yield the first async value returned for the co generator library
Session store container which provides transparent access
A Pebble Application Development Kit for Drupal Websites.
Homebrew tap for power_fixer https://github.com/binchewer/power_fixer
Console tool written in Ruby to export Google Trends data
The Lappland.io blog and website.
A JavaScript library for Firefox OS application development, consisting of WAI-ARIA-driven accessible widgets, a lightweight app framework, and convenient utility functions.
unity3d rewrite of the original Warcraft III custom game Island Troll Tribes
A Chrome extension that allows you to study and take notes on a selected directory of bookmarks.
Read temperatures from a digitemp output file and insert to a DB
A standalone HTTP proxy written using asio.
Grab a list of game prices from a website
2013 Scala workshop and 2014 Scala workshops (maintained by Robert White) at The University of Manchester
A repo to create simplified GeoJSON regions so we can display map-based visualisations without having to load tiles all over the place.
A Docker Cassandra container
A javascript player for soundcloud
nfo files and rename scripts for Chaos Communication Congress recordings so XBMC can add them as a show
A Free Cross-platform Multi-protocol VPN Software, developed by SoftEther VPN Project at University of Tsukuba, Japan.
Decrypt Passwords used in TeraTerm Macro TTL files using function getpassword
A Go client library for todo.txt files (http://todotxt.com)
AngularJS module for working with browser local storage
AngularJS module for advanced working with arrays in JS
A client library for communication with XlentMatch.
Find all open DNS recursors on your (or other) networks.
This repository contains docker recipes to create predefined containers
Cloud music player built on Flask with Dropbox Core API
Notes, instructions, and scripts for moving sunpig.com from Movable Type to Wordpress
keep vim settings add  shell script
Udacity CS253 - Web Development
A template for Bash scripts to avoid typing the same code in every script I create
Helper for launching applications while reinstall frequently.
Python library for the programmatic generation of markdown text
JSON RPC Server for Bridge Buddy - a Bridge Card Game Helper
JavaScript game engine
Game launcher that installs the game client by torrenting it. This allows for customization of what is being downloaded while still using a default well seeded torrent.
Android application for FamilyTracker project
A tool allowing you to serve resources from your local machine as if they came from the external server.

Ruby on Rails App that displays random quotes
Laravel Based Text Classifier using Naive Bayes
River of Life Prayer Guide
Source code for the WhoAmI series of posts
A Feature Rich set of tools to start you of on your new project.
Website Code
Extensions 'n' Tools for C with addional database access modules
Yeoman generator to improve and speed up the development workflow of an AngularJS application.
Confirming that async mocha tests written qunit style to run in proper order as long as they aren't nested.
A javascript native encode/decoder for ttyrec files/records
Just a copy of the ITU-T STL2009 with a working build chain for (l)unix [make]
nonchip's web framework
Convert cunit xml test report to junit format
A project template for developing games using Node.js, Grunt and javascript libraries.
1Cloudy Website
An ack.vim alternative mimics Ctrl-Shift-F on Sublime Text 2
Vim syntax highlighting for pal calendar files.
Combines SVN logs from multiple paths into a single log for use with Gource.
Remote picture viewer tool
A script to encode image files as base64 text. 
vim plugin that makes vim syntax highlighting engine available in pandoc
responsive jQuery slider
A dependency-free Object Schema library for Ruby
An iOS app created using "iOS Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide"
Status Page for ESRGC Dashboards
TrueTime-HSF is an extended version of TrueTime which implements two level hierarchical scheduling. The original TrueTime is developed by department of automatic control at Lund University: http://www3.control.lth.se/truetime/
[Deprecated] Row-based multi-tenancy for SQLAlchemy
Fix Position is a jQuery Plugin that fixes an element in place after the screen is scrolled to a certain vertical point.
Crack HTML-Logins with Bruteforce
Verify that your sass functions generate the css you expect.
Seed project for single page Angular.js applications running on a Node.js/Express server.  Includes tests with jasmine-node on server and karma-jasmine on client.  Sample files can be overwritten or deleted - most exist simply for demonstration of the pro
A nodejs-based web-client for Media Player Daemon (MPD)
fluent interface for building web controls in c#
Build a local copy of a Flickr photoset
Game of Life implementation in JavaScript
generate cluster pxe files from a flat config file
Nights! Nights! Wordpress theme
Store Data in Keychain
An iterator-like collection library for doing Bing queries in Scala.
A library to work with quantities and units.
Some Haskell list operations implemented in Java. 
sqlalchemy dialect adaptor for gevent to work in non-blocking mode
Program implemented to find voids in the space, based on Carlos Hervias Caimapo's algorithm.

Script for calculating the number of occurrences of a, or all, values given n dice with m sides.
University Projects
Interface for a server side script to call javascript events/actions
An Arduino library for managing range settings for groups of servos. 
Split huge mbox file(giga byte)  to many .eml(.emlx) file.
helper script to merge dash youtube videos using youtube-dl and MP4Box
I could not find a function for optimizing a function that took a vector input and returned a scalar value in scipy.optimize, so I have attempted to create a class that does this.
KDE4 KIO slave for displaying recent used folders
Skookum School App
Maven based Java Wrapper for the DiffBot API
Gitflow Maven Plugin that uses Groovy Gitflow
Modified version of the Vortex Box Deck that behaves more like an app!
Openpay Javascript bindings
A gamemode for Garry's Mod that allows you to have virtually infinite ammo and overpowered stats!
iOS Tweak that thins notification banners down to size!
Dave Shinsel's robot projects
For now, just a static homepage
Module to hold and serialize the in-memory relationship between urls and objects and users.
numbers.js is a client-side javascript library that adds some advanced mathematics functionality to the standard Math library.
Forum/Community about hypermiling written in Python using Django.
https://kath.io/
Solar System written on HTML/CSS
An implementation of similating fireworks using C++/SFML
An extension that hides components that can be triggered by a button
A Project to make MySQL data backup using Ruby on Rails

Crafity HTMl UI elements
Source etc related to Clarion for Windows
A PHP framework for accessing or testing a pump.io server
Slick2D / jBox2D game development.
Proof of Concept iOS application developed on behalf of Office of Information Technology for Alaska Native Language Center, to request for further funding on behalf of ANLC to build a full blown Multimedia enabled application for the purpose of teaching a
Work to develop a group settings control workflow for University of Alaska System. The code is incomplete and need be completed. But there are some good examples on interaction with google group settings API.
A script that sends SMS messages using email. 
This repository contains scripts that are used by the maintainers of the library. Useful scripts and daemons.
Its a application in C# which helps to download an entire video series from the web given the link of a single video of the series.
A JavaScript based application for University of Alaska Tuition Estimator, with an interface that is built to make the financial decision which part of coming the decision to go to school easy. Compare cost across various study plans and compare it with n
Node.js In Action shoutbox app
A little web page app showing what to feed ducks.
Used to create Lua scripts, which can in turn create an element in The Powder Toy
An iOS home application for Arctic Region Supercomputing Center. This application was built in collaboration from Bob Torgerson. This was my first iOS application.


Remember Pi application. Try to remember. Get told what the next are. Try to go as far as you can! (Don't know how many digits)
Opensource Reddit like website. This project was built using: java, MySQL, redis, Angular.js, Bootstrap
A work in progress Chrome Extension to show contextual information as a popover when an article hyperlink is hovered over
A GUI version of uphold-server
Tools to keep a git integration branch up to date

Python script to parse and convert dfxp (subtitle) to ass
Tools for managing multiple versions of text files and content transclusion.
Catarse as a full, non-namespaced Rails engine.
A custom knockout 3.0.0 binding for the googleMaps API
Reliable File System (college Operating System course exercise) - low level filesystem tier with fdisk, striping, ...
An exception hierarchy to represent HTTP errors and redirections
I needed to create an AWS marketplace AMI at work, so the instances needed to get their authorized_keys set from the keypair specified to AWS.
General libraries for the D Programming Language
A Django class-based view utility library
RaspberryPi LCD Info script
Library for Adafruit ILI9341 displays
Shell script en Bash para subir archivos(mayormente imagenes) a uploadpie.com desde la linea de comandos.
A really old, bad, incomplete implementation of the Cycle System task management for Android. Only staying around because I'm sentimental.

JavaScript/CoffeeScript implementations of safer stack and queue data structures
static html page
Minebuilder Mod Script Engine
A set of client applications for issuing measurements to the RIPE Atlas network
Ansible role that compiles and installs Ruby 1.9.3 (https://www.ruby-lang.org) and Bundler (http://bundler.io).
Use octet counting to frame data through a stream
C++ Program implementing complex number arithmetic
This is Alistair's development version of ZhuangLab/matlab-storm.  For release version, please see Zhanglab/matlab-storm.
Wallmart Text Scraper with navigation support. List the products returned by Wallmart.com for a given search query
Random JavaScript code. Drawn from katas, text, and general experimentation.
Python related tools
Zaphire framework is a framework which takes cues from other frameworks like Zend to create a family basis on which to build your high performace web applications.
Code for http://beer.opensourcery.com.
Resellerclub API in Python
Virtual Memory implementation in Pintos Operating System
an extranet application for ruby on rails
toy scala lisp implementation
Post your Google+ Posts to Facebook with PHP
A public IP API service.
Brushes for IOS App
Tool for updating the GAC of a server from a client
This should check for changes on the Billboard's Hot 100 and send an e-mail with the new music that appears each week.
DiffBot client written on pure C
A set of SolidWorks macros with UI, for quick creation of some standard primitives.
Back up your Simplenote account to a git repo or gist!


A generic server for use with Derby apps
Php Windows DLL extension Phalcon 1.2.4 for PHP 5.5 ts (Thread Safe) & nts (Non thread safe) VC11 64 Bit
Ansible playbook for deploying the client registry of the OpenHIE stack
Magic: The Gathering life counter in jQuery
PHP Code kit
Jenkins plugin for Capitomcat
Time tracking module for the atomic company management system.
Cinch (codename) WordPress developer framework
An open source, survey-based matchmaking program
An advanced template for NodeJS projects.
Implementation of akka-persistence storage plugins for mongodb
Web site for CS 460 at BYU
A Cocoa timer class for iOS and OS X offering a choice of behaviors, so you can use the right one.
An app which monitors manifesto PRs, and decides if consensus has been reached
Calibrate multiple rtl-sdr dongles concurrently and make them work together on GSM
A plugin for creating a custom checkbox or radio button
.DS_Store manipulation and creation from node.js
create deployment timelines - api written in golang
a script to detect browser and device for mobile applications to enable responsive design
A Thinkful project 
LuaJIT2 sources, binaries and build scripts
A boilerplate for WordPress custom post types
Just like a doodle but for pizzas
A tower defense game in Lua
web of fhs
RSS attachment downloader written in Go
Hackathon idea to create an app to facilitate RIPAS blood bank information
Easy to use class to connect to different database (actually MySQL and SQLite) using same methods
Source code for the playcanvas-based game Chartreuse Warden.
C# Tetris Implementation 
Sample storage engine for MySQL
Legacy library hours module from staff site.
Helper plugin for adding member icon/badges next to username for members.
Tiled map engine using Rails, Javascript, and HTML5
jQuery plugin that allows images to enlarge full size of its container
ControlaTIC App
An open source system for creating RDF from various source data such as spreadsheets and CSV files.  It is based around use of the Ruby ERB templating system.
Google V3 Geocoder Service Wrapper
An Node.js-based Open Sound Control (OSC) library for Flocking

This is web application in which any user can other user to view their posts ..
BNS Body Classes WordPress Plugin
Development repository for Chef Cookbook for Apple XCode
A plugin for importing raw SVG into the svg.coffee library 
Expressive testing tools for creating assertions over the NUnit testing framework.
theppl: the successor of the markov thebeast probabilistic programming platform
This is an implementation of cat that will add colour highlights to supported types of source code.
A library for adding transformations to Java source code.
Tools in use during the development of the prototype 360 Giving Standard. Now archived. 
program to generate SGF properties from Specification file
A mobile app for sending georeferenced image and voice recordings from an Adroid phone to an email address. For more information, please go to http://sautiyawakulima.net/ojovoz
Subtitles Translation Helper
ProtoType Magic: Programming Mastery
Complementary module for Dolibarr ERP/CRM : resource management
An R package to help manage R projects (e.g. Sweave reports) where multiple versions are created based upon a single source repository. For example, a monthly report where each versions is identitcal with the exception of easily definable parameters (e.g.
A JavaScript library that makes observing changes to the DOM easy
A tool to turn a Greasemonkey user script into a Firefox (XPI) extension.
The configuration backup and restore app allows an administrator to take a snapshot (archive file) of all configuration settings of the system, allowing easy restoration in the event data is lost.

Home Page
A utility that reminds your android app's users to review the app.  Port of iOS appirater with additional features for Android. 

C language wrapper for RE2 the regular expressions library from Google
A C# client framework for consuming HTTP/REST services
SSL and SSH certificates used in development
A collection of specialized monitors for gollector
A library of objects and routines which will allow you to interface with i2c serial eeprom devices.
This is a plugin for tshock
Open data on 4,000+ social media apps from oneforty.com #hubspot-open-source

A LINQPad driver to perform queries againt Azure Table Storage.
An android application which can be used by teachers to take attendance of students , keep track of students , send a message to an absentee etc.,
.NET WebSocket Client
Google App Engine website monitor based on https://code.google.com/p/cron-tab/
text analyser software for market research
The Flatterline website.
Proyecto 3 de Graficas I

Provide better search functionality by capturing all matched line
Extend, inherit and clone
The website for the new WhatCounts user interface.
A server for deciding which tracks to play next.
clojure interface to interact with (java-)objects in the hibernate ORM
Perl module implementing prime number tools in C++ with the Sieve of Eratosthenes.
EmberJS preview and build tool for Node.JS

An open-source application built on the Google App Engine
chat. no javascript.
Real Time Information App for Dublin bus for the Sailfish Operating System on the new Jolla smartphones
Dumps the content of an Artifactory Maven repo.
blindparser is an all purpose RSS/ATOM feed parser that parses feeds into a common format so that you do not have to care if they are RSS or ATOM feeds
An image gallery application for Django framework
A program which takes a brainfuck program as input, and interprets it.

A random assortment of TextMate bundles as used by USM


check the dbl and zen list for domains and ip's
A copy of the mozilla.org PHP site.

IPC::Concurrency::DBI - Control how many instances of an application run in parallel, using DBI as the IPC method.
Custom Event/Messaging system for JavaScript re-packaged for Meteor
Perl Module to Analyze Text Databases
NBi is a testing framework (add-on to NUnit) for Microsoft Business Intelligence platform and Data Access. The main goal of this framework is to let users create tests with a declarative approach based on an Xml syntax. By the means of NBi, you don't need
Safari Extension extracting information from a Mantis issue and adds it to a GitHub issue
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Pantera is a tool to test the resilience of cloud applications.
Generic Disease Modelling System

Seth Ladd's excellent box2d intro migrated to a modular structure with requirejs.
Clase para utilizar la pasarela de pagos redsys, sermepa.
Seventh version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*-VP
A styleguide generator based on kss (https://github.com/kneath/kss), but built in node.js
HTTP middleware for Go that facilitates some quick security wins.

System level ROS Tools
Visualize and control real-time streams in a browser-based interface
A mailSender component
Rails without the data loss.
A Yii ActiveRecord behavior to keep a backup of the loaded values for an ActiveRecord instance
Zend Framework 1 Measure package
Zend Framework 1 Acl package
Zend Framework 1 Cloud package
Zend Framework 1 XmlRpc package
Zend Framework 1 Application package
A wizard to create wrappers to easily add GOG.com DOSBOX and ScummVM games to Steam
site implementing websockets using tornado and future implementation of mongodb
