FuelPHP Framework - Composer Framework Component installer
A Moodle block element which is part of Turnitin's Moodle Direct v2 providing a link to Class Migration functionality for non admin users
Maven HTMLCompressor Plugin to compress HTML/XML files.
A Teamcity plugin for building Unity3d projects. NOTE: this has an MIT license so feel free to copy / adapt as you need to.
An attempt to update killermonk's Netbeans' lesscss-module
Bind to the `beforecopy`, `copy`, `aftercopy`, and `copy-error` events, custom DOM-like events for clipboard injection generated using jQuery's Special Events API and ZeroClipboard's Core module.

"Alien Pong" OpenGL Pong game.
Keep track of things you want to get done.
Relief1 - Providing a complete Disaster Preparedness, Relief and Recovery System for use worldwide.
A jQuery Mobile theme for UF
Memorize is written in Java and uses Leitner flashcards to make memorizing facts not only more efficient but also more fun. jMemorize manages your learn progress and features categories, Unicode flashcard texts, statistics and an intuitive interface.
node.js based OSC Router app.
A text based game for a Dream In Code competition.
Multi-Provider Authentication for App Engine
node.js AGI (Asterisk Gateway Interface)
A modification of Razor (https://github.com/msturgill/razor) for czech Ultima Online shard Auberon
Go implementation of app.net API
jQuery phZoom Plugin
Seattle GTUG App Engine Bootcamp
Wordpress music web site.
Android sound wave
Node.js Version of MMSG for Chinese Word Segmentation
Gis Application development course work

This is a plugin that makes it simpler to create, control, and animate x3dom based scenes using jQuery.
Trichema's website
Upload de arquivo utilizando o JSF + Primefaces + Hibernate
iOS 5 Container View Controller that mimcs the behaviour of the Path 2.0 and Facebook apps.
Fast and powerful CSV (delimited text) parser that gracefully handles large files and malformed input
Project Euler problems solved in Java, Python and C
Workantile' Site
Mosquitto security plugin.
koshinuke java server implementation

The theme around Data Services are to expose existing Spring Data functionality to the web. The 'web' here is primarily focused on support to access data from traditional browsers as well as mobile clients. It also will explore the interaction of messagin

KNVS is a light weight javascript library for canvas animations
Some resources that can be used for workshops an courses on Dojo Ajax Toolkit
:izakaya_lantern: ambilight clone for your arduino and some WS2801s using boblight
The neutrino programming language
Helper for add social share feature in your Rails app. Twitter, Facebook, Weibo, Douban, QQ ...
An extension of Neuro to provide a "sync" component.

The diamonds gallery for alon's site
Dropbox ReST API client for Zend Framework v1
A hook/filter system(Similiar to word press hooks/filters). Useful for creating plugins as an example.
A full featured php form
Emacs setup (CSS / Erlang / HTML / Javascript / Lisp)
Library Catalog Hierarchy Access Retrieval and Manipulation System
Unofficial GnuTLS with added custom native Visual Studio project build tools. GnuTLS: GnuTLS is a secure communications library implementing the SSL, TLS and DTLS protocols and technologies around them.

MPEG-TS Segmenter for HTTP Live Streaming (iOS)
Versatile mail filter with firewall like configuration.
A Leiningen plugin to generate Autodoc pages for your project
Albion 2 Engine "light"
Galera Cluster documentation
Spring MVC sample project, which is using iBatis. Now it's still under construction.
Application pour l'Analyse des Geeks sur Android
Python scripts for generating a bilingual dictionary from a wikipedia dump file.
A Zend app in which users can have multiple authentication and api providers (Facebook, Twitter, Google)


Show death messages in the server console/log. Plugin for Bukkit.
An open source substitute for Apple's genstrings which can be integrated in Apps.
GitHub version of the Google Code Smarty
Less using ExecJS
Vim plugin that changes the color of the statusbar of the focused window according with the current mode (normal/insert/replace)
iOS OBJ Viewer with LOD features
a home automation scripting framework for Ruby
Second Server side implementation for ohmage server
New def.reyssi.net blog circa 2015
Use FB to create process registration and create WordPress users (not FB Connect)
\N

Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) / Super Famicom emulator (based on SNES9X) for iOS (iPhone/iPad)
First version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*

One hour JavaScript - Stuff I wrote in an hour.
web front end for mpd, allows remove/add of songs, more planned.
The WebDriver API and wire protocol
Enhancements and improvements for Delayed Job 2.x
white elephant helper
Knife plugin for testing Chef code in a Vagrant VM

Code we wrote at Friendzy to do fast geospatial lookups on App Engine.
school life app
ETRACS Version 2.0
A visual guide to the wonders of Unicode
Rack Middleware which retrieves KML from Rails and produces KMZ for the client.

Productivity tools add-in for SQL Server Management Studio 2014 and newer, for SQL developers and DBAs
A Latex presentation template which looks like a Keynote presentation
TwitBase is a running example used throughout HBase In Action
Mobile application written using the Ionic Framework for an School project.
MonoTouch / Mono for Android compatible build for the Facebook C# SDK
Automatically detect connections to wifi hotspots (captive portals) and use configured credentials to keep you logged in.
Peer-to-Peer secure backup system. Spreads encrypted pieces of a  file over a p2p network.
Building a global consciousness from the bottom up. InterMix is designed not so much to surmount as to go around the organizational boundary problems that prevent civil society from uniting in earnest. GNU Affero General Public License, version 3 (GNU AGP
An Ace of Spades clone / fork / experiment, written in Python and using Pyglet for OpenGL.


\N
The project aims to develop java based api for getting historical quotes from Indian stock market. These  apis are targeted to solve the data problems related to back testing of an algorithamic trading strategy. Currently we are using yahoo finances for f
tcp socket server and client communication
Festival de Ideias
Ini like format parser written in D
Social dynamic particle system in javascript (both client and server)
An intro application for the Ionic framework
a template system on top of taskjuggler for task planning, scheduling, manning and costing.
Plugin that sets up PDFs and external links to open in a new tab track clicks with Google Analytics.
Starting files with sass/node/gulp
Dependency injection system for Python
A Zend module for creating RESTful web services
Advanced application that recovers the Master Passwords of Laptops - http://sourceforge.net/projects/passwordrecoverytool/?source=navbar
Given a route, this app will show  restaurants, attractions, etc. you pass by.
JavaScript Dev Accelerator Coding Challeng Question 3.   Generate an AngularJS, ReactJS or other JavaScript MV* framework app that allows a user to create, edit, update, and destroy (delete) users. 
Building the backend for a dating App in C

Arduino sketch written in C for hardware project to send MIDI signals to computer using a self-built foot pedal.
Searches for the best phylogenetic tree arrangement from a set of sequences (Amino Acids)
App created using larval.
A little android app to taste the beginning of programming in this platform
Display notification right on the website whenever receive new notifications
2D C++ & SDL RPG Game 
A Protobuild template for an empty console project.
A Django-powered website where you can create an account, vote in other users' polls, and create your own polls as well.
Stylesheets for Documentation Pages
Open Source Twitch Bot
An audio playback tool for listening to lectures.
C++ 11 template-based reflection API
Chinese chess engine
A tool to check md5 sums given an untrusted file and a sum that has been received out of band

a 3n+1 perl implementation
A Star Trek themed, text based game written in Python, which showcases the power of the Raspberry Pi.
LaTex Resume
Web page for the This Is Us Project to facilitate students' data entry
A Sentry notification plugin for HipChat



A tool that deciphers vague instructions in English and generates equivalent code in C Language.
Sample Node.js application
A SMS-based server for Android written in python
Realtime sensor and input UI library


script to serve up local directory using a minimally-configured Apache
Professional website, featuring blog posts, apps, libraries and slides

An Security Framework based on Spring-Security
Source for blog. Middleman site.
Boggle solver written in Java
Initial Ecommerce site using bootstrap
Completely modifiable armour and tools
Hydroponic culture equipment that can be used in 4 ways (Use/Don't use LED/empty can)
Custom UITabBarController with a cool new look for the tabbar and an animated background selector
Women Who Changed the World website project
Version object for Perl by scala
A frontend blog-style app that fetches data using the WP REST API.
A little machine-learning project for me and others to better understand neural networks. X should be a nested list of training vectors. Y should be a list of 1/0 points (yes/no).

An objective-C wrapper for Valve's Dota 2 API
A mini Netflix clone web app built in Node.js that uses TheMovieDB and Rotten Tomatoes movie data
A quick word count plugin for Vim, perfect for adding to your statusline

Pebble app for SimpliSafe alarm system.
9fold, a fast-paced numerical puzzle game

Compiles decaf language into java bytecode.  Utilized Lex and Yacc.  Written in C++.
Site
React + Golang API with Postgres
Resume template made with latex (theme isn't acheved for now)
fresh laravel copy
Copy files to a remote host using WinRM
a wordpress theme for the redesign of Prospect Enrichment Preschool
A Pacman clone made in Unity - C# / high scores / progressive levels / AI
async iterators (reduce, map, each) of collection (array, plain object)
A Git mode plugin built using the ShellCommand plugin, which makes customisation and adding new commands, super easy.
A community-curated list of flexbox issues and cross-browser workarounds for them.
tcp server and client code
League API huehuehue
Assembles SIC and SIC-XE programs into machine code.  Written in Python.
linked list implementation in javascript
useful scripts for react development
Pacman AI projects developed at UC Berkeley(used with permission)
Implement a ruby program that returns a string and its substrings e.g. (Below => below, low)
An open source, plug-in based, and completely modular chat client.
Python script that renames files based on imdb data
server side cross filter which will fire required queries directly in respective database
Sample benchmarks for various BinarySeriazliers
Javascript, object-oriented survey engine.

Fluent Html Helper for Asp.net MVC
Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015.
Chrome extension that allows you to easily quote webpage snippets
Making a triangle however tall you want, and with whichever character you would like. 
Latin hypercube sample with constraints.
Simplified Chinese translation project for the Battle for Wesnoth.
THIS IS A SERVER VERSION YAY
Input plugin to collect data from Deskcom
Pico CMS theme utilizing Skeleton boilerplate
WIP: execute interactive commands on your servers via SSHKit
Lambda Ladies website source, hosted on GitHub pages
tiny library for manipulating bits in JavaScript
elasticbeanstalk dirs shareable, better status updates, aws fab tasks integration, improved version tagging
ArcheAge-like XP Bar for WoW
some algorithms by ruby
Odin project of Google homepage
tech128's optimized sqlite3 for android
Source code for the YouTube API, Version 3 on Rails article
A kissy template engine for Nodejs/Browser
A parcelify transform, which allows you to import files using the node resolve algorithm.
macos command line tool of generate qr image and copy to clipboard
Shiny App to keep track of CRAN download logs and to visualize them
Command-line tool to download Google Spreadsheets as JSON files.
Keikogi Application Template (bootstrap)
This modules adds improvements for searching in the product list.
Find pool tables in a city near you

artisanal filler text for your site or project with qml
EditLabel is editable Label control, who's text can be modified at run-time by double-clicking on it.
Interactive voice forum is the discussion forum forum meant for effective governance in organizations by the system admin.
a book store (angularjs practice)

Tiny app to aid in scrum estimation. User just clicks on S, M, L, or XXXL
A quick shadowmap class.
this WordPress plugin allows you to display your delicious bookmarks on a post depending on its categories or tags.
Portfolio Page
helper classes for arduino dev. Tested with GTest+GMock.
This is an extension for wp-pro-quiz plugin of Wordpress. This extension displays individual users score at the bottom of their profile page. 
Fork/continuation of damson_splitter to split up SpineML model for efficient computation
Java client for the Wink REST API
Ffs - Framework From Scratch built for research purposes. Reinventing the wheel, every functionality without using the power of Open Source
A python REST API framework for flask
Working with cookies in a Nginx module http://www.nginxguts.com/2011/01/working-with-cookies/
Instructional app for Intro to iOS App Development with Swift
[HALTED] Angular Service for accessing Bara API
Pixel sorting using radix sort.
Repo for Isa's website The Paper Quill
This is a .NET Micro Framework Library for working with the Amazon S3 Rest API.
Chef recipe to install packages commonly required by rails gems

A clean Markdown to HTML Website AWK program which is no more complicated then it needs to be
About update strategy utility can used in app auto-update module
Website for client9.com 2015
PRU public website
Tools for automation 1c:enterprase admin everiday work

Fix Salesforce Multi-select Picklist with any REST API for a JSON insert and alleviate JSON_PARSER_ERROR
Convert C header to ctypes-compatible description of shared library
Project enables deployment of Spring SAML applications in Google Application Engine.
A python implementation of keyboard-piano.
An ipython notebook to help with school spelling homework
Phase 4 Ematrix site. Skeleton, SASS, Cleaner Git. The final frontier of this work.
Get Information from 2X RAS Server (tcp/20002)
jabba the hud. yet another generic hud/ui engine
Script to explain an Apertium translation in terms of its parts.
When developing web solutions, assets such as JavaScript declarations or HTML templates are frequently written in a location that differs from their desired output location. SuperScript.Container.Mvc allows developers to easily declare these assets in MVC
online encyclopedia searching engine
A writtenMorse and normal morse code converter for Android

php-MySQL based note taking and journaling application
GitHub Pages Website!
kof's sketchbook year 2015
How to create a gentle transition between design mockup and HTML markup?
A Client-Server custom mail service program created under the Toronto District School Board Netowrk. 
social-share This is used for implements social services sharing buttons to your website.  It helps to create buttons with minimum coding effort.
rollup file with all custome elements
Install profile (deprecated: use webfact-make project)
Text processing in Python towards Diana book-work.
Copy of the 'rc' shell source (http://tobold.org/article/rc)
1294's robot and dashboard software for the 2015 season
A plugin for Kerbal Space Program 
SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This library contains functionality for making JavaScript-specific declarations such as variables or function calls.
Blog application for MOCC class
Struts email Client
Tracking faces captured from the webcam device with opencv using Haar Feature-based Cascade Classifier.
Free Learning is a module which enables a student-focused and student-driven pedagogy that goes by the same name as the module. Read more about Free Learning at http://rossparker.org/free-learning.
Android App to locate some important places in bangalore
App for university
University assignment 
JWM App Menu Generator based on great work done with fbmenugen: http://trizenx.blogspot.com/2012/02/fbmenugen.html
A collection of Arduino projects
University assignment 
fourty - planet template pack
Blog App
Garmin .tcx file editor
Persistent IAT hooking application - based on bearparser.
Go FIDO U2F Library. This Go package implements the parts of the FIDO U2F specification required on the server side of an application.
Firs repository on GitHub: game project
Slices an image into pieces with specified size. Useful tool for sprite creation or animations
Sample apps covering various scenarios with a single page of HTML (using Angular) and Spring Security
Docker build file creating a image of a box containing web application security scanners.
A wordpress plugin for donation processing
Chef recipe to install/configure redis-server

tempest scenarios upto 02/01/2015
Programming challenges from Codewars and HackerRank
Ascii stylesheets making use of ascii.rocks - JS implementation parsing CSS to show ASCII on HTML5 canvas
PhoneCall.Forms.Plugin is a Xamarin Forms plugin from Isham Mohamed
Cross-platform socket API for Xamarin iOS/Android/Forms, Xamarin.Mac/MonoMac, Windows Phone 8/8.1, Windows Store and Windows Desktop.
This repository contains source code for the OpenKantu trading system generator, which uses price action based rules for the automatic generation of trading strategies. For binaries please go to mechanicalforex.com
Scripts for building .Net projects outside of Visual Studio
Reverse engineered Python API for Weiyun (Tencent's cloud storage service)
Microsoft Office 365 EWS (Exchange Web Services) Client Library
A-code source of Platt's Adv550 adapted to CGI
Is a javascript library based on snap.svg that permit to use .svg images files as templates to create web andon/control panels with dynamic data loaded from a json data source.
this is repository for all wordpress theme component from PSD to PHP
ec2-elastic-ip init script for ubuntu.  This will allow you to set the user-data and hostname for an amazon spot instance
[Lynda.com] Building a Website with Node.js and Express.js [2014]
Examples with Facebook React library.
Development bootstrap for Node.js including MongoDb - using Vagrant and Chef with Berkshelf
A sample spring-boot app using using spring- mvc/social library to retrieve the favorites of a twitter handle.
Takes iCalendar/vCalendar-like data and produces an HTML report containing all events.
File watcher in Julia - can be used to auto-run unit tests etc
Offline Poker Tournament and Cash Game Organizer
Pelican Theme Masonary Redux
a python crowed simulation based on christmas markets
A client library providing .Net access to the EdStarCoordinator POST/JSON Elite Dangerous community web service.

Pelatihan Android Indonesia - Android Studio

Share/Print/Open files with the native activity view controller in your Titanium app
Python module for turning streams into trees
. A graphing calculator that accepts a user provided function (as a String) and plots the graph of the function on a coordinate system. Has to read user input and evaluate the mathematical expression to complete the graph. Features a full graphical user i
Barebones CMS - SSO server/client integration plugin
A yeoman generator for a project that compiles to a single HTML file.

Pelatihan Android Indonesia - Android Studio
DB workbench manifest compatible site - using MVC5, Bootstrap, Entity framework.
Run an ETCD backup task inside a Docker container and upload it to AWS S3.
Mobile app that provides a medical control with some helps like drugs&doctors guide and reminders
Another youtube karaoke application

Mapping annotated dict list into Django models
Realm.io Android data browser
Converts one or more DNA bare sequence files (.seq) into one FASTA format file (.fas).

SYSTEMS CHECK #7: Rails
Used by geocachers to calculate values for words.
SmartResource Visual Studio Extension for faster resx handling
fipsified GLFW (https://github.com/glfw/glfw)
Marketing Page for Fullstack NH
checks html or rss to see if sites are available and updated
node.js file uploader based on https://github.com/felixge/node-formidable
D8 Repository for Field Hidden Module Port
Code Snippets for Guy Dwelly 
Elasticsearch plugin to list installed plugins
A dashboard of the twitter stream using om.

Platform that aggregates de best technologies to dynamically teach and learn between dynamic groups.
Calculator assignment from Tealeaf
Android File Explorer
PatternLab Style Guide for OvrC
A template project structure for a PHP component. Includes config for Travis-CI, Coveralls and Scrutinizer.
Google Glass AR - GeoCaching with WikitudeSDK
Using Speech recognition to play music

Control an old-school analogue Scalextric set with a MindWave Mobile brain computer interface and an Arduino.
Height map terrain generator in C++, Qt, and OpenGL
Ansible module used by OSAS to enable polyinstanciated /tmp
Quick class to query station details and status for the Dublin Bikes cycle scheme
Arduino uses servo motor to point toward the direction of a sound source using phidget sound sensors.
localStorage-compatible API, but only stored in memory
A data-only container for docker-jira

Maven multi-module project with a setup involving multiple AspectJ ITD aspects, each in a separate module
A vim plugin for code annotation and code understanding using folds
docker image for building dropbox's pyston 
Web Drive for File Exchange 
Elasticsearch plugin to list installed plugins
A React Mixin for the BoomQueries Library
Swift code for the iOS version of the AUDL client application for iOS 8 and greater. 
messing with some code...
Sala de treinamento

Experiment of automated front-end with back-end build along with TDD JS development
Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a Blob string.
AI Project

data analysis using haskell
A mini Data Encryption Standard system
A html parser for ComputerCraft
Multiple data prediction models - Along with Function Library
CommonJS shell sort implementation using Sedgewick's gap sequence
DeviceJS App & Class support for iotivity.org

New codebase for the SGFC file uploader.
Class for searching mimetypes and realizing operation with them
A sample project that shows how to integrate jenkins and selenium
Python class to read in, store, and analyze phonon eigenvalues and eigenvectors.
iOS Alarm Clock
Short Rails assignment for creating and storing information on cars in a used car dealership
Displays your public GitHub project repos
Update of the ADOM Guidebook to use a modern web framework
How to communicate with an Arduino board using a Java application.
Query database using AJAX and JSON

Nim Yahoo! Weather API wrapper
nodejs timers work-alike with setImmediate, setTimeout, etc
A web server implementation for Mono/.NET
A blog system
Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a BlobKey.
Auto-deployment to staging server on each PUSH
High level access library for the Guild Wars 2 API
Total Backup Script
Some computer game based projects I have made

Mac OS X library for vim-xkbswitch plugin
A project for the creation of a modules and drivers for adapting Grove modules for use with Gadgeteer.
Resolves template urls for can.view bundled with browserify.
Source code for public website of shellino vacations
Rest API provided to MOSH
Launch colored rspec output in vim
This is framework for Gateway which provides access to wireless applications
A JavaScript wrapper for the Teleduino API used to communicate with ethernet enabled Arduino boards.
One-file php app for displaying screenshots.

SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This project offers the functionality for relocating assets to an external file while storing the contents in a MySQL database. 
Package from http://www.skarnet.org/software/skalibs/
Interactive "mirror" created in Processing.
Script to edit Star Wars with ffmpeg to make it a bit more child-friendly
A lightweight Python library that can be used to get live data from IG Markets REST and STREAM API with a LIVE or DEMO account
Unit of measure conversion API
Wordpress all in one Docker container
first attempt on datomic storage using couchbase
Braintree package for Meteor <deprecated>
[BACKUP] A CGI script to parse Markdown files with the PHP-MarkdownExtended package
A suite for analyzing IFU data.
A core data iOS to-do-list, task-management, itinerary app made in Xcode 6.
Projects start guide for wordpress
Themes for Justwriting(https://github.com/hjue/JustWriting) blog engine
SQL Server Reporting Services - Transfert tools (2008, 2012, 2014)
T1 mapping python script

Python Port Scanner
This tool is developed in PHP to check and report uncommented lines of code in project.
Precomplied initrd.gz archive for Debian wheezy installation with local sources from CD/DVD

Proof of concept for photo based P&C games (2). Escape from the hackerspace!
Serial plot facility for data received through (virtual) serial port
A Wordpress theme based on some like it neat
OpenCV Capture Class for Logitech's C920 HD Camera
Baroque is a dark GTK3/2 theme. It's a rather steampunk affair, featuring mahogany dashboards with brass fittings tastefully set with rubies and amethysts.
Generate a single HTML page of all the php-langspec markdown files.
PingPong game witen in C#
This is a companion tool for the Hyperfox proxy. http://live.hyperfox.org
Console game tetris written in C#
A webjar for jquery-payment (https://github.com/stripe/jquery.payment)
Check whether all the OpenBSD mirrors are reporting the same sha256 for install56.iso
A library extending Xojo's iOS feature by adding extension modules and classes.
A generator for making Drupal Field and Views Formatters out of a jQuery Plugin (based on owlcarousel Module)
SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This library contains functionality for making HTML template-specific declarations.
The website for the Style & Class event series.
Sample iOS app
Text Accounting is a command line + plain text accounting system
An implementation of function invocation using variadic templates.  Uses a recursive binding algorithm to turn a set of strings into a function call.
Tracks which buckets investments should go into
Atom Editor theme which aims to render exactly like Twilight on TextMate 2
A utility tool for pushing notifications from the parse backend. Supported push devices include android, iOS and windows phone
R actuarial workshops - Instruction materials, data and source code for R workshops for actuaries
Suleyman Demirel University console application
Ruby on Rails project website 
"fake" spinning wheel with jquery and javascript
Script to scrap user comments from Reddit html files.

Atom package to automatically copy selected text to the clipboard
Prototype of an apache module that executes files as queries and returns the result as JSON
Web interface for the sponos-server repo
Market your textbooks at Penn State
main launch page for STEM-Dev
Project 3 for Udacity Nanodegree program.
Raspberry Pi robot. That's all, and libraries.
Work with spark using cassandra
This is an open source lighting board OS build to work on any x86 capable device.

Implementation of Gost Grasshopper Encryption Algorithm. This program implements the test vectors set provided in the reference document provided by the Standartinform, Moscow, Russian Federation.

Lightweight responsive free Wordpress starter theme with YAML CSS framework and Sass
A micro PHP router, ready to REST
Zelda-like games for the shell
Node.JS app that generates newsletter from JSON data file
WordPress plugin that adds an XML-RPC method to check for updates (core, plugins, themes).

jQuery plugin to achieve a smooth pull-down.
Vaporwave theme made for Tumblr blogs
minimal unit test framework
The HTTPS-Only Standard for federal domains (M-15-13), and helpful implementation guidance.
A dark Sublime Text theme with highlight-color-variations (compatible with Monokai - color scheme)

Projekt UI Patterns: Password Strength Meter med Dennit i TDDD13
An opinionated blank starting set of HTML and CSS for students
The app version of miniMoires - in development.
A checkers game on a 4 x 4 board. The game has 3 modes which are player vs player, player vs easy AI and player vs hard AI. The reference board is for players to correctly select a piece.
Sample Project - Trying to figure out the UIStepper control
Restarting the cryptix project with some random code :)
A flexible content management system written in and for node.js
XML module for Skulpt
Source files used for data normalization and processing. 
goalietracker site
Bug Magnet Chrome Extension
A minimal POSIX shell compliment bookmarking system
Quality and Process Control System for Manufacturing Facility
Android International phone number dialer
Blackjack game coded in Java. The game has many unique features as it allows players to bet and it also calculates the probability of winning, losing and getting a card higher than 5 for the player. However, in this game, all the face cards have a value o

Take an array of GLSL tokens and determine which tokens are either assignments or variable definitions.
Sweet app for finding the midpoint between people
Documentation for ICT TAO-A
Minidlna image for docker
an audio filter system with a touchscreen interface. Processor designed and built in Verilog. VHDL modules to control the audio input (microphone) and output (i2s protocol to an audio jack) as well as the touchscreen (the touchscreen interface was modifie
A node module for making bots that use the slack rtm api.
A powerful media player with additional tools and functions combined with a good-looking modern design.
Helpers for vagrant environment variable setting for docker apps.
A website for the Taylorview Stake Trek 2015
This repository contains a script to run the spatial Boyce Continuous Index using the idrpy (idrtools) framework.  
Project work for the Udacity Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree
A realtime single and multiplayer game build with node.js, pixi.js in HTML5
Dev version of access to LinkedIn API via R
Inject build information (like package version, SHA) into your Ember app.
Convenient way to store all your files(read configs) and folders(containing alot of configs) in one folder for version controll.
Create playlist from text file

swig loader module for webpack
This is the coding challenge for the python Dev Accelerator at Code Fellows
A Sublime Text plugin for Fieldmanager
android app for the Google Student Club

StarNub a Starbound server management tool
the eldarion.com blog app intended to be suitable for site-level company and project blogs
Just a beautiful, minimal photoblog solution in PHP.
A series of LaTeX templates I use.
Stack and Queue implementation using linked list in Java
A JSONWP test automation client for C++
This is an API for Arduino which support I2C communication. Using this library can scan to get the I2C messages get send a message to another device
this library is used to handle view rendering via templates without the complications of dealing with an entire framework. It's lightweight, and it's easy to use. 
Links for presenting an introduction to Javascript
croptastic jQuery, Canvas, and Raphael-based picture cropping widget.
Generate fake random data for fantasy-climate projects. Currently supports only Polish language.
Ansible roles used for SDN Development Environments
A C# console app modelling a library with a db. Uses the Entity framewoek and LINQ.
NodeJS endpoint to listen for rum-diary-js-client statistics and send them to one or more collectors
Parsing out the exception handling information from a binary, for use in identifying the return address.
Chrome extension to show the latest Astronomy Picture of the Day
For use with an Arduino IR Multiplexer shield. (https://oshpark.com/shared_projects/mLu4CjXF)
tools for GH development
Grad school portfolio
C1X website - update to contact page contact email addresses
Manuscript for Intro-to-Probability
[ C++ ] CPU Cluster Simulator for CptS 223 (Data Structures).
SignMeUp application for Brown TA program.
Get a text message when your class opens. 
Cloudability API wrapper for node.js
Poker without cards; over internet using socket programming. Used RSA Algorithm and SHA protocol's commutative encryption scheme for encryption and decryption of cards, with an objective to implement an unarbitrated protocol that allows random choice with
C# Tool for ZIP files
API to create a MediaStream from Media Element
A python powered application that translates english to another language(s)
A JavaScript library for position HTML elements.
Serialize and validate data structure
Aggregator style website created with Ruby on Rails. 
minimal script to help find script into de nse database
Docker image with NGINX / PHP 5.6
CubeMX project for Eclipse with defaults for ARMstrap Eagle
Ocaml like toy programming language
Xkbswitcher, a Gnome-Shell extension to easily switch between xkb files located in the user home directory
Unity application
Modules for ARMstrap Eagle CubeMX Template Projects
For /r/dailyprogrammer: https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/2r4wal/20150102_challenge_195_all_2015_prep_work/
Tiny app for serving up a random video intro. Intended for use with Plex.
a multi-platform source code translation language and tool
A bash script to create a Plex-compliant directory for your TV series
Munin Plugin for monitoring the DHT series of humidity and temperature sensors on a Raspberry Pi
repository to keep track of Ez3D Phoenix parts and upgrades. For all to use. 
cms bootstrap for nodejs projects focussing on emberjs
Exercises from Haskell The craft of functional programming
rails application templates
2015 ESUC website
Create an email summary of a Trello board.
Open Web Integrated Development Environment - full stack framework and IDE for bare-metal development in HTML5, CSS3, JS, WebAudio, WebRTC and more. 
Given locations of roads and intersections as points this program draws a map and is capable of finding the shortest distance between 2 points. Completed in Spring 2014. 
Object Oriented WordPress Plugin
Grab the passwords of all encrypted email accounts the Zimbra server
Node.js API helper module
The purpose of this function is to determine if a character in a file is a punctuator or separator and to use recursion to reverse the order of text words.
Implementation of commonly used Data Structures and Algorithms
C/C++ version of the zxcvbn password strength estimator
Mobile Application Development - WINTER 2015
PHP proxy for websites
The website to accompany the Stanford Open Source Academy's Spring 2015 session SWI-Prolog group
Generate RFC conforming strings for an FTP server connection.
Malicious teensy execute a file
A website with JQuery functionality that I put together for the final project of a JavaScript class.
Code to create a heatmap using location history data from google.com/locationhistory.
Have you ever wanted to see where you stand on recent GitHub Issue work for a repository, this is the thing for you.
DataTables Editor v1.3.3 library with data table multiselect and input type file options
Barebones CMS - SSO Server/Client Page Protection widget
So far this is a generic game engine built with Ogre3D, Bullet Physics, SDL and Raknet. It is built around a component system and uses messaging between components. I aim to build a first person shooter with it that draws inspiration from Halo/Call of Dut
C#-like lists in C++
Base Vagrantfile and dummy box. Can be forked for each new VM that is created. Uses the vagrant-vsphere plugin.

Python stock signal interface written for ICS 33 at UC Irvine
A Docker container for running iperf3 in client or server mode

A jQuery slider plug-in that's made to be styleable
Short python script designed to identify housekeeping genes in protein files, concatenate them, and create a MLST phylogeny
A javascript application that formats crime data for Marple from the data.police.uk api
A ps and bash scripts to make taking screenshots from an android device and transferring it to your machine easier


Ribbit Marketing Website
MAPPIAMO main repository. The geoCMS for mapping site built with <3, openstreetmap, leaflet, bootstrap, php, mysql....
:thumbsdown: [Deprecated] The 6to5 formatter for library authors.
Vagrant based environment propelled by chef-solo which gives you working RStudio server environment.
Hubot used in #joind.in on freenode
:wrench: Some tools for contributing to Homebrew
remote repo for git basics class
Dropbox helper for removable drive management
a flash RealTimeSimulation game
Tech Blogging Engine
A separate test suite for boolean path operations in paper.js, comparing results with Java2D's boolean operations.
[Deprecated] [iOS] Flick in a scrollable area in Jailbroken iOS to scroll to that point (concept: http://simurai.com/blog/2012/09/13/flick-scrolling/).
Helper for Algorithm Competitions
Rails 4 app


renders is go template middleware for tango
A Mongo storage provider for the PropertyGraph.jl package
A docker project building on koha-base to set up a working koha based on git checkout.
Extra features for sales management, for example template quotations.
A multiplayer snake created with Clojure and ClojureScript
Stripe SAAS Rails Engine


RabbitVnc is a cross-platform remote control library and program vnc-based.
IRC server Docker image with config.

Program that aids the user with time management, User clocks on and off from selected tasks and usage statistics are generated to help provide insight on where time was spent.
Swift version of the joind.in iOS app, using API v2
Python Challenge Solutions
An application (Epichrome.app) and Chrome extension (Epichrome Helper) to create and use Chrome-based SSBs on Mac OSX.
Less-than-pure Functional Reactive Programming for Javascript

Set like structure
Scripts for working with data from Google Finance
Travelling Salesperson Problem outlined in the assignment provided by http://algs4.cs.princeton.edu
Source code of the http://nantesparcours.lafamillebn.net web site
Stenogram site
Relevant .m files for simulation
Volunteer project for Happiness Programme in Node.js
A mobile/tablet content management extension for Contao Open Source CMS
plagin for wordpress

/dev/null equivalent of connect-session
Adroid version for the Sage Firefox extension
A fast and lightweight persistence framework
Signal processing tools used on 16/32 bit MCU. Specifically developed for photoplethysmography.
social open study meeting
A plugin framework to perform image capturing,  colour extraction, post processing and colour output - primarily  for use with lighting systems such as for ambient lighting.
Go Relational Persistence - an ORM-ish library for Go
Table Component for elisp
Sphinxsearch nagios check plugin

Modulo's Open Distributed SCAP Infrastructure Collector, or modSIC, makes it easier for security analysts to scan an environment vulnerabilities based on OVAL-Definitions. It's an open-source service specialized in distributed network assessments.
Sort-friendly URI Reordering Transform (SURT) python package
Sandglass REST API based time tracking application
Open Source Chat Bot for Twitch and Beam
Rails Excel strategy to write xlsx files through rubyXL gem
Simplize using fusionchart free in ruby on rails

Open source web-based sports league management application
Official repo is in bitbucket: https://bitbucket.org/sillsdev/l10nsharp

A dropbox-like project using python and git.
C# application that analyses packets captured from network using libpcap/WinPcap
ios
A Java web knocking tool for sending a single HTTP/S request to your web server in order to authorise the execution of a premeditated Operating System (O/S) command.
Rsync SNApshot baCKUP transfer and replication tools
Aptible's Support and Documentation Site
reCAPTCHA4net allows to easily integrate the latest version of Google reCAPTCHA API into ASP.NET web application (both Web Forms and ASP.NET MVC are supported).
The !CHAOS project, an INFN (www.infn.it - Italian National Institute of Nuclear Physics) project, is aiming at the development of a new concept of control system and data acquisition framework providing, with a high level of abstraction, all the services
DEPRECATED: Tools for Documenting JS (and Friends) with Sphinx
Takes apps from your Paz service directory and runs them on a CoreOS cluster using Fleet.
dotfiles
Persistent database for Node.js/NW.js/Electron with MongoDB/Mongoose-like features and interface on top of LevelUp
A reverse proxy cache for Zend Framework 2 applications
node.js server and Express API for the Monolist application.
Web application framework for React by Red Badger
Implementation of a Scheme parser as per the book "Write yourself a Scheme in 48 hours"
Source app for Bloc Chat project using Firebase
This component provides pose data for a tracked object in the qualisys motion  tracking system. It uses a TCP connection to the QTM server to transfer live  tracking data
JavaScript Valence SDK
sneaksync program to synchronize large files sets using a smaller cloud-based shared directory (like dropbox)
A high-level library for traversing the OS storage model.
Create and navigate location on a google map by defining a list

irssi FiSH plugin
Compute community variograms, carry out null modeling, and and graph results
A gem to automate builds & deploys for Android, iOS and web apps
Client library for the Player (operation system for robots) in pure Ruby
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/claroline-rest-api
pure data / Gem external to get Kinect camera streams
A jQuery plugin to build a website on the infinite canvas
This program use for kill someone that use netcut on your lan
[Magento Extension] It allows frontend developer to send ajax requests and return a custom information from the server without a php developer help (without any php code).

DomainMOD is an open source application written in PHP & MySQL used to manage your domains and other internet assets in a central location. DomainMOD also includes a Data Warehouse framework that allows you to import your web server data so that you can v
Maven HTMLCompressor Plugin allows to compress HTML/XML files by adding a few lines to the pom file.
A php class for creating trees from database rows.
An interpreter for the Concur programming language written in C.
PEJS plugin for root
A quick script to take hourly, daily, monthly, weekly, yearly snapshots on a ZFS filesystem
Projeto de tradutor do Script JNS para linguagem NCL
This is a free APi to create dinamically QR Codes. Support several types of images like PNG, SVG, EPS.
Arduino sketch for burning new bootloaders
Javascript iptables ruleset generator
Just an essentials for working with promises
C++ framework for json-rpc (json remote procedure call)
A plugin for wordpress to show videos with Flowplayer5

a github commit based updatechecker for computercraft
Ruby XMPP Chat Bot for PartyChat Rooms
Not just the fastest Admin finder
A library that simplifies the exposure of data through REST interfaces in a secure, scope dependent way. Basically transforms internal data into whatever a client of your API has the right to see.

desktop (growl) / mobile (prowl) new mail notification for your outlook web app when stupid company policy disables POP3 / IMAP
DEPRECATED! (Not supported + code base is not so good) Need to work with vk.com in your Android app? Just use Android-VK-Api library!
A light-weight test management tool
Restlet Framework for JavaScript
PHP Error Responses
Time Machine is a neat way to visualize the development of a web projected tracked with git.
Ejemplo de llamadas entre actividades en Android - FINISHED
Pronamic Feeds allow you to add RSS feeds to your site, that will enable the copying of content from the remote link to your own posts.
hopefully this will be a the turn-based-inversed-tower-defense-game ;)
A centralized suite of extensions for the TTYtter Twitter client. These extensions add features such as sound notifications, text to speech, and more.
Extending default Yii CClientScript class to use multiple subdomains for assets (scripts and stylesheets).
[Deprecated! Use MenuItemKit instead] UIMenuItem with Image Support
[DEPRECATED] Write the templates in your Meteor Application using Handlebars and Jade instead of HTML and Handlebars


Plugin to write WordPress themes w Object-Oriented Code and the Twig Template Engine
This is a UILabel category which allows you to insert Emojis you use in Campfire, GitHub, Basecamp, Turntable.fm, Teambox, Trac and Flowdock without the need to calculate where to insert some UIImages representing the Emojis.
A set of unix scripts I like to use
The documentation for the DDSC Lizard API.
Normalizer for honeypot data.

Version 2 of chorus, complete re-write, still in development, Considered pre-release and many things might change before first release.... 
a Web UI autotest framework based on Selenium and TestNg. Now the project has been moved to NetEase https://github.com/NetEase/Dagger
Former home of phpspec docs - they can now be found in phpspec/phpspec
Originally based on pyjenkinsci... release tree: https://github.com/salimfadhley/jenkinsapi
JWildfire - an image and animation processor written in Java
Poopie Wars! (an embarrassing Asteroids clone)
A little IRC bot that when asked nicely will tell you the names of the open cards in a list on a Trello board
Beyond the Standard Model ttbar like events analysis
On-the-fly processing framework for Node.js and MongoDB
Compiles upload C file and returns errors
Go Game Kifu Viewer for PocketBook ebook readers
Application to assist users in creating a guide for League of Legends
Use haml2erb gem to compile haml to ERB with guard
An Uru age database API and web tool
NextGEN Enhancer Wordpress Plugin
A nice little side panel for iOS.
Python Compiler Compiler

A Backbone.Sync replacement for Lawnchair.js based JSON storage
Quick hack to enable file uploads on Play 2.0 (until the official support is in)



Single page app and main interface for Coduno
python module starter
Free MT4 trade copier - Metatrader4 EA software to copy all trades from one to one or more Metatrader4 terminals written in MQL4 language (*.mq4)
WordPress Blank Theme
HBase-Writer is an extension to the Heritrix open source crawler written by the Internet Archive (http://crawler.archive.org/) that enables it to store crawled content directly into HBase tables.
Videos engine for RefineryCMS
share files with your grandma
php apps made easy
Folio is an ePub editor written in MacRuby.
A python server library and out-of-the-box reference implementation server
Levenshtein like CGI handler 404 not found HTTP errors, proposing near paths
A web based 3d plotter, using canvas and JS 
A native extension for Ruby to handle standard deviation for Arrays
A script for versioned backups using rsync and hard links (or btrfs snapshots) to preserve space. Some advanced features are also available. A remote helper script in order to lock MySQL tables and/or use LVM snapshots as backup source, is also provided.
Python port of git-svn-mirror utility written in Ruby by Eloy Duran.
Email engine for CakeLog, CakePHP 2.x

Online Musical Instrument Shopping Website: 2nd Year DBMS Project
:scroll::briefcase: tool to export wiki from SourceForge project (used for PDL wiki)
just another geodjango project
Web interface for Tinder's API
this is not a HTTP request lib like the ones you see around, it is REAL BROWSAH!
C++ AmazonMWS REST Client

Move blog from CSDN to WordPress 

Google Weather Widget for PyroCMS
A javascript library to parse (and render) org-mode files
QuickApps CMS pack de traduction multingue

A debian package that can startup and shutdown Play applications from initd.


Some websites disallow pasting into password fields. This Safari extension fixes that misfeature.
Client for the InstantAmbient project
A Spotify app that plays a random track when you press a button
Quickly discover which versions of rails all your apps are running

Cuyahoga County customer feedback mobile site in Drupal
A web-based program to create and edit family trees
Port of LibXenon installation to the FreeBSD operating system ports tree.
Writing style tools


Tesselate is a jQuery plugin to create grid-based (Nivo Slider-like) image transition effects
Inventory Management and Point of Sale System for IEEE
A generic template for starting a new perl script...
A tiny java implemented http webserver designed to run on handheld devices
Plugin that changes the color of the statusline according with the current mode
A Template Upload Center for Plone sites
Fathr is a open PHP Framework with a CMS built on top - But you can of course just use the Framework itself. It is inspired by Codeigniter and CakePHP.

The mysql connection pooling module for a prefork server (like php). You can limit the number of connections by shariing connections bewteern a parent process and child processes
Emulate the summarizing of a URL the way Facebook does when you paste one in to your status updte.
JsLint Checker with JsLint4Java for Sublime Text 2
Easier interface to create dashboard widgets in WordPress
A bootstrap file for an AWS AMI (should work for Cent OS as well).
Contao Extension: Provides content elements for exporting data.
Ruby interface for the Regressive Imagery Dictionary (gem)
Alp, a text-mode email client.
Page to monitor runs throughout the year and track progress towards a goal of 500 miles total.
An iOS photo app playground of sorts
A set of helper functions I've been using in various XCode projects, abstracted for great good!
C++ Template Meta-programming Prelude Implementation
Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8 class to bind string with HTML bold tags in XAML application.
Python script for breaking or atomizing OAI-PMH repositories into simpler text formats
A horizontal picker in the vein of UIPickerView, using UICollectionViews.
Zend Framework2 integration for the jms serializer library
Graylog2 module for Puppet
Upload data from standard input to Amazon Glacier. Save metadata on Amazon SimpleDB. Needs more testing and documentation.
Significant improvements and fixes; see http://code.google.com/p/crawler-commons/issues/list for discussions
Builds a resume from your LinkedIn profile using JasperSoft's tools
String matching algorithms, like using Brute force, Finite state machine, KMP, Shift_and, etc.
miltons-machine is an open source library of Ruby code primarily dedicated to the analysis and "practical" application of set theory for musical composition - as defined in the various contexts of 12 tone theory and its offshoots (e.g. Forte, Morris, Star
Remote control your philips TV using a web application

Sisu plugin for Apache Maven
A python script that helps you stay sane when working with external people who provide your iOS project with resources
visual tool for annotating observations of human actions
Run CasperJS Scripts/Functional Tests
Open source XML MVC framework for eXist-db
Experiment for using Nancy and WebKit.NET to create a windows desktop application using web technologies.
Forecast is a website which tells you tomorrows weather forecast using GeoLocation to locate you.
Space fleet programming game
Scripts for managing a collection of book reviews.
dotfiles of various tools
Some useful utilities (bash or python scripts) for some routine administrative tasks

PHP simpleSAMLphp REST API for managing metadata
Lizard site for showing the data from the DDSC api
A helper library for cgkit This provides some useful function to handle BVH animation format with cgkit
An implementation of the LiveReload 2.X server in Node.js

Projet Java, simulation d'une fourmiliere
This is for a bubble game
Arbor Web Solutions on NestaCMS
A category on UIView to create an instance with a block for its drawRect.
Assorted tools to handle RPG Maker 2000/2003 files
Fernet generates and verifies HMAC-based authentication tokens.
Some programs I wrote to make YAPC run a bit more smoothly.
This Markdown extension adds inline LaTeX support without the need for external images.
Dasein Cloud implementation for IBM SmartCloud. For more information on Dasein Cloud, see the Dasein Cloud home page at https://github.com/greese/dasein-cloud.
Lazy load html from a template when positioned into view.
PhoneGap Bonjour Plugin for iOS
A Gnome Shell extension that indicates your Nvidia card status while using Bumblebee
Debianization tools
Provides useful features to Doctrine 2 projects
Chrome extension for JSON edit in RIAK.
Python framework for building and running tests on firefox changesets
poky for translation

Node.js library to textify text
XML module for Kohana 3 PHP Framework. Works with extendible, write-your-own drivers.
Website des Musikverein Biberach e.V.
Find, display, and optionally round floating point plane coordinates in Source engine VMF files.
A plugin for importing raw SVG into the svg.js library

Online documentation for freistilbox
Lucene search of a git repository
Custom field to Django, storing the hashed value of some other field.
Manipulate hashes map like
A javascript based database for local memory based storage of data or resources
active_scaffold create,edit,delete,search timesheet
code for setting up Planet Python India 
Code generation tool for SQLite in Android
Photography website - wp theme
Implementation of OAuth2 in JavaScript using CORS
This daemon enables you to make easy backups of your different systems. The clients are basically platform independent - as long as they support rsync.

Ethernet client with Dhcp and DNS support

environment builder scripts
ai intro assgn 1
Match plugin for jQuery.
Code for my BeagleBoard based robot
rails template using bootstrap from twitter
Rump client for iOS devices
Caralis will not be further developed since finally there's a Apache License compatible clean Torrent implementation - ttorrent.
A c++ remake of loderunner

Combines and minifies your CSS, LESS and JavaScript into one JavaScript file

jQuery plugin to render an date-sorted html index with stats for any combination of repos for given Github users or individual repos. Useful for portfolios.
An emacs minor mode for developing in Ruby on Rails
Party component
data mining with python



open-source app for managing generalised "like" lists
The code for my blog
ad4Max SDK for iOS - Mobile Ads framework


Source for my blog.  Blog hosted on GitHub Pages at msgehard.github.com
where-is-felipe 2

tv guide with fast loading times
bloops' archive of solutions to algorithm problems from programming competitions and online judges.
Java class library that allow you to encrypt / decrypt a string or a file with many algorithms.
A Google Plus extension for docking YouTube videos.
Javascript Library for ShowClix Search API
Alternate version of WageTracker using SQLite instead of XML
Like Buzzwords, without the buzzwords
Encargo de RBZ
The pit system used by Team 4977 for scouting/LordScout server
PHP WebSite for managing the arrival time hystory of a race

Remote backup tool written in Python 3
jQuery image gallery-like plugin to cycle through a set of images.
iidenki for android
Android build tools (ant tasks)
a wrapper gem for google closure library
A "spots" framework for Django. Allows the creation and maintenance of geo "spots" (lat/lng) with a neighborhood, city, state/province, and country. Warning: older code that is not actively used or maintained. 
A chess engine I wrote some time ago. I like chess and this seemed like a fun project. The engine isn't complete, it doesn't know about pawn promotions, and the AI isn't all that strong. But it does work, to some extent.
iOS project illustrating a weak reference issue with OCMock
Black Jack like game I made to learn Java
Safari extension for shortening links with clck.ru
jQuery plugin for dynamically updated timestamps
A ZK component like JQuery Chosen
[WARNING: under construction! Feel free to join.] SAC implementation written in C
Terminal chat server (Java)
A Hebrew virtual keyboard which could be embedded into any website using a bookmarklet




Refactor of IBM's (tm) hadoop filesystem to work with fuse4j
Rails app for subtitle hosting
Wallboard Monitor for Multiple CI Build Server implementations
Send notifications from irssi events to your Android phone

version 2 of the flux qc app
web-based platform to mathematics education
Use ticket:2134 to link to https://develop.studip.de/trac
For finding "points of interest" i.e. waist, hips, top of head, bottom of feet, etc. where measurements can be taken

PHP library for the Karotz REST API
R.css scheme collection for better R help pages
Pluggable, open source Django apps (configured for GAE deployment)
component tester




Embedthis Build Tools
Greasemonkey script & Firefox plug-in inserts carbon footprints into airplane travel sites

use flask on google app engine
Leiningen project to try Clojure code
A GWT application that allows people to create stock portfolios and tracks them.
A Wordpress plugin to add location info to posts and aggregate them on a Google Map
Library of commonly-used helper functions for Haskell


Automatic scaling of dynos in Heroku application
Brand new theme for the telestrekoza 2012
Enhance the boring New Tab Page with widgets!

Terraria Server Wrapper

This project converts ASCII text to models to be displayed in programs using OpenGL ES running on Android 2.2
Generate chorales from the bach corale dataset
Particle Emitter written in Javascript
Translation Error Rate (TER)
Bash provision script for Aegir/Drush


Python code to cluster GPS tracking collar data.
hacky Scala/Jena blog engine
A script to keep track of files, check integrity and find duplicates
Yet Another Blog Engine
A wrapper for working with the Eldis API
Second version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*
Third version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*
Sixth version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*
Some irssi scripts



\N
TerrariaServer with client code removal and additions from the TShock team.
Opinionated Framework (not likely to be useful to others as it is very opinionated and has specific dependencies)
Wordpress templates and plugins used for seekingmichigan.org


Tools for DX9 render output

building a sample knockoutjs single page application
Drupal module for integration with LODSPeaKr
supervision lets you install and switch between multiple versions of SiteVision.
Open Source XHTML, CSS, PHP and Javascript for WordPress sites built by Loud Feed
A Responsive Boilerplate Theme for WordPress
Bridgy pulls comments and likes from social networks back to your web site. You can also use it to publish your posts to those networks.
easy newsletter system based on ruby on rails 3.1
An experimental alternative take on a graph library for Haskell (inspired by fgl and the Boost Graph Library)

This is a seed of a perl shell for Postgresql, It adds the ability to Import CSVs preprocessed by Text::CSV
Gifts plugin
Unix config file editor written in javascript
A disk cleanup tool that thoroughly scans your computer for unnecessary and invalid files no longer being used by the system. Removes items missed by Windows Disk Cleanup and popular tools like CCleaner.
Bash background exec. A daemonizing wrapper script for use with start-stop-daemon. Well... sometimes.
Academic project (fake distributed system entirely developed in python)


Nette component for fast creating mini calendar 
Theo Armour GitHub home page
A web-app involving generalized spectral analysis for large sets of data

Unofficial campaign creator for The Battle for Wesnoth. Written in Python
Sync JS automatically updates HTML, Scripts, data, and other resources within dynamic web pages. Unlike other JS frameworks, Sync JS attempts to significantly reduce the amount of JavaScript needed to create dynamic web applications.   The framework uses 
jquery ticker
TreeJS is a framework-independent, javascript-enabled hierarchical table.
A tool to help people who take medication keep track of it. You can buy it for $5 on my website or if you're geeky enough, build it from source!



It is the module for Joomla! that add social media/networks buttons on your site.
Google Chrome extension that shows a pop-up containing in-play and coming up football events on Betfair.
Swipe Gestures and Buttons added to Apples sample code on loading PDFs
Listagem de produtos

gragh based raphael
\N


A work in progress email reminder site.
A generic bin packing algorithm in java.
Gemoji's blog
Site for selling and buying books
Karpinski Practice Website
Tools On Python
simulacion de perfil en flash

Getting data out of STE files quickly.
Hacky tools for downloading public Proust stories


StratoSpera BSM-2 board schematics, firmware and web tracker.
Implementation of big integers
A Backbone plugin to allow for Models structured with Fields.
Control principal y control de actitud
Bahs productivity scripts
C to Brainfuck Compiler (it is a long-term work, which is stilll under development)
A easy whiteboard with backlogs and tasks that can be assigned to a team members
Home Automation Interface based on QT, using LUA for "script"
bash history collector.  Web (php/mysql) component plus bash functions
CubeAttack framework implemented in CUDA (TRIVIUM & MICKEY as example targets)
Set fire to your enemies!
http tunnel
A tool to generate PlantUML source files from java sources
Tool to assist in the creation of ODF files, template-based for a magazine project at school.

Profile (aka. CV, Resume) generator for IT freelancers (multi-format, multi-language)

A Manager theme for MODx Revolution

Extensiones de la anterior
A ruby gem and command-line tool for interfacing with the MF60 Personal Hotspot

Final project for CS 230 Data Structures.  Keeps track of all the books and patrons in a citywide library system.  As of the last Dec 15th commit, I met all my goals for the class project; I've spent too much time on it to give it up that though.  Look fo
Sniff conversations between random strangers on the Omegle random-pairing instant messaging service using libomegle.
Tool to facilitate script combination and minification
An Object Oriented File Class for C++
Assessment Tool
files/theme setup & plugins playground


\N
Parse and extract data from Tracker files in the browser

Warsow gametype script series

Calibrate a camera in C++ using OpenKraken. An exercise for IMAC (Engineering school). You select identical points in different photographies and the application finds the coordinates in 3d of these points. Useful !
github page
The tikapot.com website
Your task is to write a Logo-like program that is capable of producing ASCII art. You will be provided with an input file containing a list of commands which when parsed and executed should produce an ASCII drawing.
Esto es una prueba de github
Bind 9 Config.
Establish an invocation context client side
Projet du cours de compil
A Plone products used to replace the footer by a 3 level site map
Scrubr contains a set of utilities to parse a payload against a definition. It can be used on it's own or it can be used as middleware for Connect.

Automata programming

Gravitar component for Appcelerator Titanium
a P2P file share tool, not finished yet
Submits your clipboard text to PasteBin.com and gives you the URL to the paste, doing everything without requiring you to open your web browser.
Set of components used to create a complete CMS dashboard.
max/msp based game sound engine
Some jQuery UI experiments

The Flash application that is used to access virtual worlds and games on the Bit Whirl platform.

Encrypt your data with RSA using Javascript and decrypt it in appengine java
Stupid continuous deployment tool. Probably nobody else will care about
\N
One-click switcher between Yandex and Google SERPs
Backup of all packages to install  a server with PHP, MySQL, PhpMyAdmin, ...

An experiment to replicate a music visualiser (originally created in Processing) in Python.

JOMC is an object management and configuration application programming interface with corresponding reference implementation and tools for managing object management and configuration code.
Simpla WordPress Theme with support for widgets
Performance Test Server Component
Juego de poker web
Twin Ion is a nodeJS-based game engine for SWCCG
Rails Development Toolkit


hxtml is an HTML/CSS parser + renderer written in pure haXe

some things for the internet
A quick-and-dirty script that I use to analyze use of color in CSS-files.
jQuery Select Box Plugin
Plataforma de entrenamiento de Ajedrez

Pull information about a Code Repository into your PHP application. (Okay, really just Git for now.)
Tools to access NCBI's eutil data in ruby


Kde Plasma plasmoid that plays a slideshow of your Facebook pics.


Utileria para emitir Comprobantes con CBB
WordPress plugin using Custom Post Types, Custom Taxonomies and a "mini" custom admin interface. For adding and deleting "Quotes", this NOT the same as WordPress' Quote Post Format
New interface for the seedbox and a content network
The Offensive (Web, etc) Testing Framework (aka owtf) is an OWASP+PTES-focused try to unite great tools and facilitate pen testing
Google Reader Watcher Firefox extension

Vim-like keybindings for Kanbanery



Application for the Department of Recording Arts (Indiana University)

Hacker News Google Chrome extension that provides keyboard navigation.
Controle de eventos e atividades do M

NOTE: Has moved to: https://github.com/amplify91/RAW-Gdx

A 2d jump'n'run game which auto-generates its worlds
Build self-contained scripts from a set of files built as CommonJS modules.

\N

Chrome extension that runs on WordPress.org plugins pages.  It adds a link to the plugin's SVN repo below the .zip file download link.
A library supporting an Smalltalk translation of ML-style sum and product types, with Scala-style extractors..



Template for a Noir app for Eclipse and Counterclockwise

A GUI Application for Linux that show SMS Messages from the SMS Message Backup Android App
A project with the aim to create a site presenting pictures that are being added on a specific date.
Quickly evaluates distance when travelling between 2 or more addresses stored in contacts.
A second try at the Sequtus engine


Node.js data and content management platform with plugin and component architecture
School related work
A group chat web-app utilizing Google App Engine and GWT/Sencha GXT
Code to run the custom Two Photon microscope built by the Functional Optical Imagain Lab at University of Texas (BME dept)
W/e broski. You jelly?

Boilerplate setup for App Engine using Go
Motivated to not be a too damned time consuming activites, I create this framework implementing Microsoft IUI style application. Focused heavily on database desktop application.

universal vim plugins
Quick scaffolding of new .net class libraries and web projects using PowerShell.
A web based powerpoint presentation project using impress.js library 

Library to compare json-object and to discover the differences

Mozilla: Common BIPostal storage libraries
[WordPress Plugin] Move your Pages/Posts/Custom Post Type admin links from the sidebar to a Content menu that nests everything where it should be
Tempi is a dataflow programming C++ library aimed at multimodal sampling.
java based postgis visualisation engine
Theme drupal pour CG - D6
\N
Sublime Text 2 package of snippets for node/async
\N
Rdefs is a tiny Ruby script that extracts class, module, method, attribute definitions from a given Ruby source code.
Python implementation of Efron, Turnbull, and Narasimhan's R function locfdr v1.1-7, which computes local false discovery rates. See http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/locfdr/ for more information.
grails application for the storage of a/v metadata

Various tools and configs usable for OpenIndiana mirrors

Debian package of MessagePack-RPC C++
Web API server which expands multiple shortened URLs recursively.
Bukkit Dispenser Loader plugin
\N
Geneseo Course Scheduler
[unfinished] Identify and fix missing declarations in ObjC source
The helper is a library where a specific function can do in plug and play.
Python API for accessing Aleph library systems
perl script to pair coords from gpx file to an image using the timestamps
Vim config with :boom: and :tada:
A toy Haskell HTML parser that can pretty-print a well-formed subset of HTML
CodeSnippet: Management of your Code Snippets using RubyMotion

Doonan helps you generate CSS presentation code based on json and file inputs.
PalitanLitrato is a name based on the Tagalog words meaning change picture.
Advanced Calculator Gnome Shell Extension
When this grows up, it will be an Android client for Transport for London's bus countdown system.
The new version of wikigeolinks, a web application that lets you explore interactively how the georeferenced articles of the Wikipedia are connected. This new version is built with Leaflet.
A Python library to manipulate Trac tickets programmatically.
Turntable Plus - a fan-made Chrome Extension!

Client library to Solum API. See: https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Solum
Providing consistent APIs for interacting with your DirecTV Set-Top-Box (STB), because someone had to do it.
Development tool to help with testing the Android activity life cycle
TV notification service. Reimplementation of seriesly without Google's App Engine or Django
A ruby client for batsd.
For my undergrad thesis I am building an automatic poet. The idea is to implement an evolutionary algorithm that can construct a poem using fitness functions trained on a text-based corpora.
A set of C++ libraries based on different premises than the STL/Boost libraries
Jave GUI utility for exporting BLOB fields values from SQLite DB. Requires SQLite JDBC driver.


Plugin for chat adminf of Tlen.pl a Polish - wide Instant Messenger
A BSON serialization library for Objective-C
Emacs.d setting for HTML / CSS / JS programming
Put something, some short code, some little scripts, some little tools.
Java Library for FullContact API

RFC3986 URI parsing library for OCaml
Infiniband tool to map hosts to a physical switchport location
Raspberry Pi Home Automation System

JCore is a Proof of Concept and the code name of the next PressObjects version
Raytracer for both x86 and CellBE CPU.  Written in C, started in CG2 at RIT.  Classic Whitted scene.
This is a prototype iPhone app that checks you in and out of the Lunatech Office.

CustomEvent is a library for progamming JavaScript in an event-driven manner.
Follow users on your BuddyPress site. Similar to Twitter!
Solutions to question in Crack Code Interview 5th Edition, written in C# with MonoDevelop
LFSR library for C
An open-source Airbrake read client for iOS.
Demonstration of cross-process OpenGL rendering on Android in C++
An open-source, cross-platform, 3D graphics and game-development framework using Haxe/Lime
Boilertek is a generic scafolding tool with some customization options and a user-frendly command line interface.
Geophysics programs written in Matlab
Write haml templates, use both server and clientside (via handlebars.js)
Santa Claus vs Ded Moroz Game
quick-and-dirty android library for OpenDataKit/JavaRosa forms.  Only supports input text and selections so far, but it's a work in progress
iOS lined note textview. It's a quick start for those who plan to create a lined note in iOS. It uses block based call back for menu actions in note.
chup is a limited web server allowing users to upload files and get progress
Go board game in Javascript
Logback encoder which creates JSON for use with Logstash

Statistical Machine Translation implementation with Python: especially IBM Model1, 2, and phrase-based machine translation.
Take a quick system snapshot for later debugging
Device files for Google Galaxy Nexus (GSM)
Repo for educational labs using a Digilent Nexys 3 FPGA card
CakePHP 2.1 plugin for easy REST JSON API
A code generator written in PHP
RubyMotion automatically converts NSNull.null instances to nil making it... difficult to store an NSNull instance.  This class and category on NSObject might help!
An enhanced SWORDv2 module for DSpace 1.8.2 and 3.0
a command line interface tool to create custom bit.ly shortened urls
Google's Swiffy that works with Zepto and Jquery
a pseudo wiki build wih git and some markdown rendering
A Google Appengine project template using zc.buildout
tinyproxy - a light-weight HTTP/HTTPS proxy daemon for POSIX operating systems
IRC Bot used at irc.devhat.net
Async control flow library for Node.js and the browser.

customizations of Omeka Berlin theme
1-st psd to html on github
Another application for DIY magic mirror
Declarative data-binding for React based on MarsDB. Inspired by Relay
LocalStorage storage implementation for MarsDB
LocalForage storage implementation for MarsDB
.NET plugin for valdr, an AngularJS model validator.
This is the project site for voice.
This is a working repository for the spreadsheet and APIs research
This is a working repository for the containers and APIs research

Enhanced Version of the jQuery Cookie plugin that uses HTML5's localStorage feature and that support chunking of values in multiple cookies to save big size content.
Wrapper script and config files to use neovim+konsole as a normal gui text editor
This is the Git repo of the Docker image for the Debian 4.0 etch i386 (32bit)


This is an additional module for Stab which lets you use Github-comments on your own hosted copy of Stab.

Setup TLS encryption for Mosquitto Brokers, and enable bridges from local to remote Machines
Quickly add bulk cards to your PucaTrade Haves list.
An viewer/editor for exploring Alkali variable data flow/dependencies, and their connection to visual DOM elements on a page

An implementation of EuroRails in C#
Sponge API v2.1
The protocol the worker-client communication in redstone
Full-stack web app inspired by Meetup built on Rails, React/Flux, jQuery, HTML/CSS
A cryptographic pastebin for your photos
C# library that converts between common formats
Android List View which shows Title,No. of Forks and No. of Stars of ur git repo
A set of utilities
The dot grid planner builder using react (and devise)
A rails app for keeping track of metals like silver and gold.
Project seed for Cycle.js that use Webpack as a module bundler
A scaffold to allow the quick development of new Janus applications.
Try out some ideas from handmade hero in clojure

code for predicting and improving visual realism in composite images
helper for tkinter
An API server template written in TypeScript 
Sums up all your steam transactions given the generated HTML of https://store.steampowered.com/account/history/
Brainfuck interpreter in C
AI agents that are built based on the game Antics, used in the AI class at the University of Portland
Java SpringMVC frontend application for frontend-shortURL.
A collection of tools for internationalizing Python applications
Node/JS/Socket - A Fan Project (to be used as a compliment to the Spyfall game, but not endorsed by Alexandr Ushan or the publisher Hobby World)
 Basejump: File Metadata Microservice
An application for tracking the movements of your mouse on the screen to see how much you eventually have covered.
 xmonad.hs, custom modules, xmobar config, etc. 
Blaze select input component to use with the Inspinia Bootstrap Admin Theme
UI, UX design and Front-end development of an internal web application
Operating System Projects MS-2011-12
Like a diary, but simpler.

Just some fun particle systems!

Eclipse projects to create the update-site and the generated output
Zomcure website template
Create, compile and run tasks across a cluster with minimal setup.
An Android version of the popular card game Innovation.
A set of shell scripts and systemd units to co-ordinate periodic taking of photos and transferring them to a web server. All raspberry pi-s.
As a hockey fan programer, I am going to download huge amount images with the image's name(often its the name of nhl plaer) saved automatic to specific directory.
Python Program that will convert a (just about) any CSV file to a QIF file
i made a website i'm a CS now!! 
Remote copy of folders/files using socket.io
Platform for first hand accounts.
scraper project, in watir
Plugin for GitBooks that provides analytics (via Clicky) for your documentation.
A todo list using Java servlet as a web application
Generate a podcast RSS feed from files stored in Azure Blob Storage
The W3C Geometry Interfaces implemented in JavaScript and polyfilled.
Record your life with this modern blog app
Java ILP is a simplified java interface to (mixed) integer linear programming solvers like, e.g., lp_solve, Glpk, SAT4J (0-1 ILP), CPLEX, or Mosek.
randomadventure is a really badly coded Python script, that will pick a random episode of Adventure Time and open the episode for streaming, using a popular streaming/file indexing website.
Second version of the SAFE Network's Potential Apps Website
LvL 99 Lua scripts backup.

x10 CM11 driver written in golang.
Swift code projects for Code Path
Various scripts and games to use with a Twitch mIRC bot.  The games are designed to work in conjunction with AnkhBot and AnkhBot's point system.

Goes through each row of all child csvs in the a directory and removes ones that match a regex.
Scrapes a random set of asset links from opengameart.org.
Android app for collaborative listening on Spotify
dice rolling library
An Webpack Startet Kit with some of the new technologies (Webpack, Webpack dev server, Babel, ES2015, PostCSS)
Text editor in assembly language
This android app is to remind good things which you have done in your life.Later your mind will be happy after reading those good things which you have done.
A school notice board type thing.
Python program that plays Boggle
Runs a set of tests against an API defined in apidoc to ensure consistency
Source for http://cs.brown.edu/~ksinghal
Widget for the OCTranspo android application. Consumes OCTranspo web API
A python 2, openCV project that analyzes how busy a location is through image or video analysis
To be used with the mobile quiz library
Very easy to use image loader for swift
OpenGL 4.3 Engine written entirely in portable C
Hybrid Mobile App using Visual Studio Tools for Apache Cordova + Kendo UI
Processing Library
A list of recipes to testing your React code
a program for selecting attractive/serious portraits from a personal photo collection
Raspberry Pi Python projects
A simple, readable, vim theme, with suggestions for rolling your own.


Script that generates the boilerplate for a new jeykll post
A program made for my school CS class that allows you to build a logic gate circuit and execute it using the console, written in Java.
Android Studio Game Development by j DiMarzio
Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment ( c++ )
A MTG Life Total application for Android.
Loopback Admin Component

The first level of the Math Game leveraging the proof engine and adding the Front End

emacs settings for C, C++, html, node.js, ...
A turn-based strategy game spanning multiple generations.
Open Source DLP/SLA Host control and slicing application, inspired by projectlayer, using Slic3r for slicing.
Potentially makes the process of sending your friends a Happy New Years email faster
Return a clean list from a comma separated values string
Random snippets of HTML (et al) for very little, if any, reason
Python 3D step to 2D gcode converter
Barebones Symfony3 framework - a micro framework which can grow into a full framework
List of cars app
Helper provider to assist in general crud functions of a restful controller
JSON test data generator, node.js server accepting JSON Schema with annotations conforming to json-schema-faker, and returns JSON sample data.
Bootstrap web site for NQI
Emulate In-memory storage like database
Command line management for RAW camera files
Miley is the free, milestone driven, multi-project manager for ambitious people
A Nukkit plugin which adds some useful commands in game like '/sethome'
Open Sourced Tweaks
Docker containers for projects
GitChecker is an open source tool which aggregates statistics about Github projects
A Web Terminal
Java program to read and manage program constants.
Rails 4 in Action: ticketee application
An intuitive, action-based, chainable helper library for Protractor
build framework iOS 
A platform for Dota 2 betting and tracking team informations.
Uses Java to visualize how a number becomes 1 using the laws of the conjecture.

Server & client software for Firewall Cafe
UNIX-like OS written in go
Intel 8080 emulator in C#.  Fully functional with a working Space Invaders arcade.
Play Mafia Game on PocketMine Server!
github pages
GUI Python application to help with the Adventuring Time achievement in Minecraft.
Connect your things to a social network.
React Native GridView
Game created for a 48 hour game jam with friends in June of 2015
Parse react source file and generate html or markdown table
C++ Custom RTTI Class
EASI Programming Language Source Code
Interactive Game
Chrome browser extension to read out incoming slack messages
Bitcoin elasticsearch data harvesting tool for Bitfinex 
LINQ-like functions in JavaScript
some 8bit emulators: Apple1, Commodore PET
a Angular2 Startup app
Win the Clue board game every time with this logical reasoning deducer. Written in Ruby.  
Installer for the open fpga toolset for Lattice processors. This tool has been created so that it can be translated to any languages.
Redactor plugin for copy formatting of text in editor and applying to another text in editor
Markdown editor with live previewer built in React.js (react-markdown, babel ES6 to react components, webpacker, eslint)

Simplified view module
Detect new flash player version
Library to create UI elements for Browser based games
This Python module abstracts the GPIO expander MCP23S17 for usage on the Raspberry Pi.
Locates all files in directory hierarchy that match some criteria
MLND P2: Building a Student Intervention System
PKU IPGW Client for Linux
Python project using LastFM and Spotify APIs that allows user to create Spotify playlist with their LastFM loved tracks.
This is an API Evangelist research site for realtime services.
FreeCodeCamp Basejumps API projects
use for creating message board 
Transform and inject resources into HTML template.
Golang client for Alibaba diamond config manage system.
Let's Compose React Containers
Mini version of url shortening service
This is the project site for API monetization

Class to automatically include files
This is the project site for API evangelism.
Rapidly develop your API client - based on rapidash

I implemented the game breakout using C++ and the X window library
UIVisualEffects Objective-c implementation
Plethora is an open-source PHP framework which gives a set of tools to create web-applications.
Nodejs framework for DMX  controllers
The data upload tool for SwitchON, based on the JQuery File Upload and the Flask File Upload tool.
Height from Photometric Ratio with Model-based Light Source Selection
TOSTR() macro for c++
Front-End JavaScript Frameworks: AngularJS from HK University
Wordpress  plugin. tally sheet to save daily work
Old school project, for a connect-4 solver and AI.
This minimal Arduino based clock was created to replace our faulty bedroom clock until we purchase a new one :P
Gem for interacting with MAX RM Data Extraction API.
Per-page reminder bubble for current Git branch (for Laravel)
Server for storing touch data received from Android devices with touchlogger installed on
A NLP module that reads local files (.txt) from a folder or webpages (.html) from a bookmark file and displays the 20 most popular words, indicating the interests and e-hobbies of the user.

Pyed is the abbreviation of Python Event Driver. It offers user a rapid development for a event system using tcpserver, timer etcd
Glyphs.app plugin for comparing a glyph to its Italic counterpart.

Plugin for the Bludit Aqua Theme
Forge Elements are custom elements for use with development and debugging web and nativeweb applications.
Community-maintained Hypixel API client in the go language.
A general-purpose scene editor for the Panda3D open-source game engine
A perlin for Java, include several types random generator.
movie converter script for your ipad based on ffmpeg
RideSafePk is Android app like uber with WCF web service in visual studio 2013
Create an index of (geojson) layers, which can be used in the stand-alone client.
Rotating circle spinner for web apps - TinyOwl
Flatten a set of possibly self-intersecting polygons, yielding a set of non-intersecting polygons
A chess clock created at the Innovation Camp at CG
This is a Python software that tries to read and work data from a SAP SQL Database extraction
Back-up to your Stack storage
Translation module for meteor astronomy
Opinionated loadbalancer and API gateway
This is the second angular application based on sports store delivery
Smart grocery list manager in Kotlin for Android
JSON Web Tokens implementation for .NET (including CoreCLR)
Wordpress Theme for BD Guide
Play steam games inside a docker container.
Node.js compatible module loader for runtime.js
Contains whole scripts which has been made by me
A Super Mario project developed in C for the university TUHH in Germany
https://tools.wmflabs.org/contact
A backup tool for GitHub repositories
Interactive visualisations of the data available from the Indian government.
Bluez5 and PulseAudio in a docker for recieve and send sound via a2dp
Provides Syncthing Debian packages from <http://apt.syncthing.net/>.
Symple android ndk openCv
Smart selenium base web driver written in Ruby

Docker container for Logitech Media Server
npm install react-native-pageview
yet another modal dialogs for your angular application
Pin entry component for react-native
Python script to generate an iCal calendar from the GDQ schedule
A Python bot that queries every AppID on the steam store for given passwords the user enters for the Steam Winter Sale 2015/2016 ARG
A Command Line Utility made in Python for Windows to Rename the Song as "Artist Name-Song Name" and make the first Google Image Search Result of "Artist Name-Song Name" as the Album Art of the Song
Generates new pairs of randomly generated Sudoku puzzles and solutions
The editor for the WinBox engine
Javascript based web app uses d3 library for representing languages used by user on repositories
WordPress site for http://www.schome.org/. License required for theme (templatemonster.com 52176).
This is the Git repo of the Docker image for the Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid i386 (32bit)
A python script to retrieve current weather and forecast data from openweathermap.org for your current position as well as any city arroudn the world. The Data can be loaded in a conky config file.
Kicad Schema Library for Unrecoverable.org
Chatbot reply generator written in Python
Easy linkable nginx Docker-Container
A collection of coding Katas in Ruby And JS
Simulation of a totally asymmetric attractive interacting particle system

A project exemplifying mobile client / server communications with Monix
Converting Meteors Todo tutorial to typescript while using react for rendering
Blog develop by php
[0.0.2] Extract emails from a text
EasyListView library for Android 
c program to play files in subdirectories in random order

A blog based on beego
Some go code.

Export to Office(Excel,Word) , Pdf,OpenDocumentFormat( ODS,ODT )from Classes/DataSet/DataTable/IDataReader/JSON/CSV/RSS/
Automatic docker configurations for osx
A ReactJS application using Flux architecture.
Vue BEM Directive - A vue.js directive for automatic BEM class generation when creating components. A very rough example can be found here: https://jsfiddle.net/at1h1z1z/6/

A validation library for the Slim Framework. It internally uses Respect/Validation.

Cloud Block Storage as a Service
A python useful tool for system administrators and malicious people :)
express view engine for partial react views
Morra game built for a project in the university


HTML5 Clock jQuery Plugin
Final content of the system of the group project
Makes it easy to require one or more checkboxes using declarative data attributes.
Web-based app to systemacically review your queued tasks in Todoist task manager.
This software can add event capabilities to an object. And works on any modern browser like Chrome, Webkit, Firefox etc.
Tool to convert senml between formats and act as gateway server to other services
A python script helping keeping track of TODOs added to code on current branch.
An authentication server for PostgREST
Automatically created docker image for php
Provides functions to create histogram from Bitmap images.
A JavaScript library to work with weather information and forecasts data provided by Open Weather Map.
A storage application for malt and hops built in Django.
[0.0.2] Extract plain text from any kind of document
Golang utility class KeyLock: lock by string key, so as to avoid giant lock
ChicagoBoss & Mnesia based blog application
A helper Android library to extend a Map class to make it multi-key.
Parses csv and creates a plot of all the points. Currently very specific to the table format I'm using.
Static analysis tools for template languages
Lightweight framework for old-school RPG GUI in web!


blog
(WIP) Rich-Text Editor that behaves like Tencent QQ's.
A Command line tool for format Android Logcat.

Creating plugin for converting table from Autocad to text file with extension .arps
An implementation of Ant Colony System in Java
ActiveRecord exercise for W3D3 of lighthouselabs.com web development bootcamp 
TuxMath is an arcade game that helps people practice their math facts.
A openwrt build environment using docker
Arch install script
Maven plugin which performs a REST POST request with datafile payload and saves the results to a file
R helper package for creating, manipulating, and visualizing Atlantis input files and data
A Python script to help you write more human readable config files for TextMate
Plugin for JOSM for customizing of public transport stops
Some scripts for the atom code editor
A time based map reduce toolkit

A MongoDB storage driver for Botkit
cross-platform bin manager; list and empty all your bins!
Chrome extension to prevent you from scrolling down on Facebook too much
VS 2015 syntax highlighting for Lolcode
Java program which allows the user to choose array size, sorting algorithm, worst, best or average case complexity. Based on the input, program will display the time consumption of the selected sorting algorithm
Qoode github-pages website
Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Scabbia2 Config Component
Scabbia2 Events Component
Scabbia2 LightStack Component
Scabbia2 Tasks Component
Scabbia2 Yaml Component
Scabbia2 Formatters Component
Scabbia2 Helpers Component
Scabbia2 Services Component
Version bumping without the b
Datatables with Angular module for Norad Framework
Use singleton pattern with MongoDB native driver on Node JS
OpenScad projects for 3-d printing

Blogging Web App in CodeIgniter (Php Framework)
Some docker images and convenience scripts for g-2 development

Python scripts from the 'Raspberry Pi Cookbook for Python Programmers' Tim Cox (2014)

backend for the notes app.
A bunch of self-hosted services packed into one Docker host

Backup scripts using DAR
Script to extract Virginia Supreme Court slip opinion information from court's webpage and convert to JSON

Be a library hijacker: using LD_PRELOAD for setting safe home-made memcpy

Files for stylekit.org
keep your steam online
Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Color palette managment software based on Ajax for Contao 4.
Library and multi-object file format for storing and managing data between machines, https://www.hdfgroup.org/products/hdf4/
Create a library with webpack to be used by bower
popover component for angular applications
C++ server, creates a new process for each connecting client
Time tracking C++/Qt application
Grabs a random image from Wikipedia and provides 3 choices for the correct title.

Text Mining with Java tf-idf and more
A toolbox for (micro)benchmarking of C programs on x86_64.
The Ninja Tracker application created by following Meteor + React

Business Support System - Core Component
Customizable sticky notes for the web. Chrome extension

Theme for Ghost blogging engine

Google Maps with Rails
Congressional App Challenge ~2015-2016 (Vikram Sharma, Michael Chen, Sahaj Putcha, Nishant Yadav)
:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component
An iOS app for a food ordering website http:/treathunger.com .
eXeLearning with native saving in standard ePUB files and pure HTML/Javascript interaction templates (iDevices).  Work in progress.
A real time strategy game. Still in early development. Initially created/started by Alex Nordhausen (Namone)
A jQuery/Backbone application in which users can make wolf versions of themselves
Ensure all lines in a CSV contain placeholders for missing columns. Solution for 'missing column' errors when using postgres COPY command
Tools used at CanucksArmy
Confluent Stream Data Platform on Single Docker Container

Program which makes a double column list of of NIST vulnerabilities
Patches and objects, and maybe some code, for the axoloti audio development board. www.axoloti.com

website
Free Antpool PHP-API-Client
A library that interfaces with SharedPreferences and makes it easy to store data across devices including Android Wear syncing
Simplified backup tool written in python
Mocassin is a CSS library of hover effects for images, powered by Sass. It's Responsive :)
Tools for competitive programming: downloader, code template, autotester
A very nice maintenance site!

Ruby gem that will inject the Skeleton library in your project.
Github of the epic Terraria mod development team (Wirklich fandasdisch!)
Material Design implementation with style guide
Program to maintain a database of your own personal comic collection, with comic details from GCD (comics.org).
An open-source alternative to Synthesia


Webpack Typescript React Testing with Karma
Docker scripts to create lambdacube development environment
downloads planetmoney episodes from 2013-2015
Python module finder/loader from github, like in golang
Pixi.js template using ES6/2015
Program AB is the reference implementation of the AIML 2.0 - Artificial Intelligence Markup Language. AIML is a widely adopted standard for creating chat bots and virtual assistants like ALICE, Mitsuku, English Tutor, The Professor, S.U.P.E.R. and many mo
Rails 5 api template app

Android Launcher App
Simon Says game to learn object-oriented programming
abcde plugin for OpenMediaVault
A web portal that makes it easy to impart education digitally
Maintains a local copy of the eeDomus database
Testbench for integration testing of the JUnit-Tools plug-ins.
retrieve statistics about your Hallon mobile broadband subscription
A pie (baked dish) weight guesser application, for the Mohicanen.
:heavy_plus_sign::heavy_minus_sign::heavy_multiplication_x::heavy_division_sign:  PHP library for arbitrary precision arithmetic, operating on signed integers, rational numbers, and floating-point numbers: WIP
client side scripts to help maintain our websites and online tools
Spring + AngularJS template application
API for Astronomy Pics of the Day site. Written in Node.js
Modern 3D OpenGL engine.
Machine for doing OpenStack contributions.  This saves you having to do all the prerequisite stuff on your development machine, so you can just get right to fixing code/docs and submitting.  Some minor tweaking needed to individualize. 
server for statistics for manga reader written with spring boot on kotlin
Programming data structures using C plus plus
Docker project for creating teamspeak servers.
Base visual component implementation.
Falling Blocks website
ruby 2.3.0 development
A core implementation of all WakaTime C#-driven plugins for IDE such as VisualStudio, Xamarin Studio, Monodevelop etc
Multi-tool mounting hardware for CNC machines supporting extruders, milling spindle, laser, microscope, depth probe, etc.
New portfolio site going up in Jekyll

Django Project Git
An Opal library for creating view models that use Knockout.js for dynamic HTML DOM updates and event handling.
Fluid dynamics component of Chemical Engineering Design Library (ChEDL)
Wordpress Theme Freifunk 
python tools for genetics analyses
A .NET Core repository reference with implementations developers that want a Comments back-end capability for their website or app.
University project about linear programming problem using regression analysis 
PHP on Apache using Ubuntu Trusty (version 14.04)

Software for syncing notes with LiveSplit using the LiveSplit server component.
Vanilla JS colorpicker implementation
MarsDB storage implementation based on LevelUP
This project will be an Open ID, .net 5, MVC6, React, Dapper, and Breeze base project.
A little hours program for work hours
Apache Qpid Broker with Web Management (Docker image)
In progress multiplayer 2D game and engine.
Python API for ClickSign
Server-side ToDo via  REST (eventually including a Sync Service).
Little language that compiles into Javascript
App website for the Family Medicine Study Guide
MVVM + Rx + DataBinding Framework for Android
Custom chef recipes for spinning up an Ubuntu VM in EC2 with VNC for development on containerized projects from iPad Pro or other thin clients.  Pro tip: Use the Coda iOS app.
A set of scripts we use with Docker and Amazon ECS/ECR to manage things.
Master Maniacs 2016 Autonomous Vex IQ Program
5th-class-laravel-3-Happysk created by Classroom for GitHub

network server and client for classic game of Mastermind
A library for working with blocks and grids. This was developed for Twistris.

A development version of Pimcore for Docker
This script enables system admins and Linux/Unix users to create cron jobs that run according to the Hijri calendar and can be related to prayer times.
Checking out react
Add the pigpio library to kodi on the raspberry pi 2 for I/O purposes
Get the remaining amount on your TUC card
The essential files for our site theme, based on the free Wordpress theme "Edin"
Final project of 520 Intro. to AI. Naive Bayesian, Perceptron & Neural Network Classifiers for handwrite digits and faces.
Tweets whenever someone opens their first open source pull request on GitHub
Defender Game
Password Storage
Tool to graphically resize portraits for Baldur's Gate 2
a google drive based timemap library for nodejs
Portfolio Website #2
Photo Bombers project from Treehouse "Build a Photo Browser iPhone App"
Delphi 5 - Delphi XE+ compatible version of DUnit.  Currently for the Win32 and Win64 platforms.  Initial checkin is from SourceForge revision 26, the last revision that worked with Delphi 5.
Designing Restful API Final Project -https://www.udacity.com/course/designing-restful-apis--ud388
Flickr photo gallery with ES6, jQuery and promises
Assignment 1 for 520 Intro. to AI. A Star Search
Data and code for "This Post Is Brought To You By The National Science Foundation"
Fun little Python Scripts
A .NET extension library for akka.configuration that provides the boilerplate code for creating Akka.NET clusters.
Spreadsheet Decoder is a library for decoding spreadsheets for ODS and XLSX files.
Easy configuration setting and getting for Laravel projects ("persistent settings")

Set of programs to organize and display desktop wallpapers.
Automatically updates vim local settings depending on current file path and user-defined build configurations
Visually minimal app to plan your daily routine
Browser version of popular Russian card game, Durak.  Your opponent is the computer.
Creating an object oriented program to generate Java byte code for any TinyPL program

It lets user to upload apk file, it then decompile apk file, reads permissions required by apk file from androidmanifest.xml. Project is built on django and uses androguard.
Layering implementation of RISC-V instructions over AHB
Javascript to mark text
Easy-to-use collection of Guarantee types
The Nethunter Linux Root Toolkit is a collection of bash scripts which install Nethunter onto a supported device.

interprets ordering and shipping a specific set of items based on certain priorities

A work for any number of musicians in which pitches that are heard most often are slowly removed from the set of available pitches over the course of the piece until no more pitches are left.
Membuat Grafik dengan PHP

Install all necesary programs for a fresh installed ubuntu.
Sartorial Genius app

Using meteor with react and es6 classes
The landing page for 10 min MTL
Hang is a Windows 10 client for Google Hangouts
An event-based, realtime javascript backend/client for web applications.
a url search based on the Coursera API, by the Johns Hopkins University - MD
A wrapper library for Gosu (Ruby version) adding functionality.
Computer players for a German card game (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skat_(card_game))
Interactive tool which allows you to generate terrain and save it as a prefab
Create customized maps
A Todo list with universal JavaScript & Progressive Enhancement
The JavaScript state management library
Budget First is an open source budget application based on the envelope budgeting or zero-sum budget approach, in which income is partitioned in various categories and spending only occurs from these categories.
Currency converter android application
A minimalist react starter-kit
Cocoa wrapper for Apple's LaunchServices framework
QR code editor
Earnest's ESLint config for ES7, following StandardJS with added checks
Stress consistency snapshot isolation in various relational databases. See also: https://johann.schleier-smith.com/blog/2016/01/06/analyzing-a-read-only-transaction-anomaly-under-snapshot-isolation.html
Java library to add multiple users conversation mecanism to your app.
A system for tracking curriculum addressed by a problem-based question set.
Use pinboard in the command line using node.
A fully automated HTTPS server powered by Nginx, Let's Encrypt and Docker.
Inspheric Sphere Users Module
Synchronize your home folder files and application configurations easily.
An unofficial random.org api wrapper
tweet from your cli
A JSX view package where Cerebral is first class citizen
A helper router for resource-specific express routing
Interactive visualisations of the data available from the Indian government.
node's net api in react-native
A web framework for .NET
A script for fetching administrative zone data based on postal code from OpenNorth's Represent API  

A four-day Agile project to create an online store in Rails
Using Box2d physics engine and PID controller, have a little craft go where you click it whilst hovering against gravity.
A framework to refactor computing a result from an aggregate object
Android application which uses OCR to extract text from images of receipts and documents and backs them upto Google Drive.
EF Core reference console application to try out various things with Entity Framework Core. Implements features of a student enrollment application.
A viewlet for Plone that show up a Google Maps using the document location field. Also can handle KML files using related contents.
An app to check whether your code is Ruby 2.0.0 compatible.
A jQuery plugin which captures the keyboard events and translates them into appropriate MIDI events
Set of tools for initializing and deploying Wordpress sites
DEPRECATED: USE MAPBOX.JS
A Downton Abbey-inspired lorem ipsum text generator
Automatic offload of user-written Spark kernels to accelerators
winds.mobi python/django server
Outil de calcul de medecine pour smartphone
Randomly generates a grid and sees if a provided set of words is in the grid, like as in a words search
Guilded is a framework for building web based components centered around current web standards and best practices.
spirit2json is an attempt at a standards-compliant json parser/generator written in C++ using Boost Spirit 2
PHP Lib to access to Scoop.it API

Helper library for working with VMware from python
NeuralPHP Framework Version 3.0
Command Line Interface for the development of Homey Apps

A terminal emulator built on the web technologies - AngularJS, ExpressJS and NodeJS - with Material Design.
Insert Lorem Ipsum - Sublime Text Plugin
[Deprecated] use locomotive cms or similar http://locomotivecms.com
Silly irc bot that smells like chicken
DynaMechs rebuilt with CMake. Original project website: http://sourceforge.net/projects/dynamechs/  (This link has been down for a while, then some unknown guy resurrected it). DynaMechs is orginally developed by Scott McMillan. Current version has been t
A jQuery plugin for displaying a favicon on links.
A TextMate bundle created to add a few useful snippets for developing HTML Emails

Page to generate ajax responses with releases for telestrekoza.com
An old iOS application which displays the latest software updates from MacUpdate. Never published - No longer developed nor maintained.
Atmos iOS is an open source project for crowdsourcing user and sensor generated data about the weather on iOS devices.

































360 Wordpress Plugin
libabc: skeleton userspace library. http://0pointer.de/blog/projects/libabc.html
A Rails application for tracking my banknote collection.
Bachelor Relation system
Real-time Backbone.js app with iOS styling -- post a message and all other users see it without having to refresh. Extends Backbone Collection & Model objects - adding web sockets (and fallback polling) support (pub/sub), by subscribing to specific events
Auburn University math department syllabus template
A .Net Portable Class Library to simplify the calling of a RESTful web service from a .Net client application.
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/paperplanecms
Go package for interacting with The Google Geocoding API.
A Sublime Text 2 plugin that emulates some of Notational Velocity's (or nvAlt's) functionality
Twitter Bootstrap Theme for Sphinx
A Bunch of Shell Script Tools which seems useful.
GaliGlobal Blog
Profiler is a software component to easier the investigation of the performance issue. It provides some tools to report the CPU usage and call times of the profiled places.
Create, scale and upgrade your company's own Cloud Foundry
The core of object recognition, where the development now happens
A web version of the g2system

Chrome extension port of Todo.txt CLI
Set expiry dates for users in WordPress
useful groovy scripts for Jadice Server
fiverr-like web app with rails
A lightweight browser extension that scrobbles the music you listen to on the web.
scripts & tools
TwEater (short for Twitter Eater) is a tool designed to help you archive long-term Twitter search queries. TwEater supports a variety of backends, from flat files to MySQL databases, and it's easy to plug in your own storage code. TwEater is released unde
JSR286-Portal based on OpenCms
Swapping tool for Resque server on runtime.
A Node.js wrapper around the SauceConnect jar file
A Lita handler to integrate with Capistrano for rails project
CrossListView is android utility with ability to provide cross-off/on on list items with gesture.
some code for avr/atmega microcontrollers

OpenSense iOS library and OpenSense Collector app
A responsive DotNetNuke skin. Originally created for training sessions at DotNetNuke World 2012.
Sublime Text 2 command to format long SQL statement to a more readable form (also available via Package Control)
For a given Parameterized Project, this plugin shows the builds sorted by the parameters used to execute the builds
\N
Kujua Lite is a web based SMS data collection and analytics tool focused on community health care workers in rural environments. We help large health organizations collect and analyze data sent from health care workers using ordinary mobile phones.
If you like MongoDB and Mongoid, Haml, Rspec, FactoryGirl, and Heroku, you've chosen the right project to use as your base.

Plugins of Construct 2
Switcher - A WiFi Open Source Power Switch
Communicate in Morse Code using Arduino, Twilio, node.js and a lamp.
The AmazonS3 Drupal module allows the local file system to be replaced with S3. Uploads are saved into the drupal file table using D7's new file/stream wrapper system.

A framework for Ruby-based web apps
crazy pili's data base for node.js
Web Application Framework for Node.js
ip2location library bindings for node.js
:computer: A school project using Google App Engine and Google Maps. :skull:
A scalable, semantic, @fontface loving icon set for the world of today
\N
Takes a POM, a binary JAR, a sources JAR, an optional javadoc JAR, and generates from them a bundle which can be uploaded to Maven Central.
Chrome extension for vk.com that hides unwanted posts.
BloodBowl like game
Various tips I collect.
Use your own class object to easily load and save configuration settings to App/Web/Custom .config or .xml file.
Android meets Arduino
Squid report tool: Generate flexible reports for your squid server in realtime. Written in PHP5
Auxiliary plugin of RealtimeRender for transferring files by Secure Copy (SCP).
A lightweight 3D physics engine written in JavaScript.
GnuPG - GNU Privacy Guard - tool for secure communication and data storage
JSGI Server for Node.JS
Function to generate random gender and ethnicity correct first and/or last names. Names are chosen proportionally based upon their probability of appearing in a large scale data base of real names.
Vim Config for C and C++
Notes and scripts for setting up a Ubuntu backup server
Fast and fuzzy file opener for Bash in Go
Java implementation of a Disk-based LRU cache which specifically targets Android compatibility.
Some scripts for xchat
An Angry Birds-like programmed in Java as a school project
Extended SharedPreferences Class for Android
A touchpad indicator extension for gnome-shell
Erlang LSM BTree Storage
Twitter component for Apache Camel
A remote monitoring application using Node.js, MongoDB, and Twitter Bootstrap.


Mucking around with post-commit hooks in Git, in part to integrate with JIRA
This library hopes to provide a helper class to be used by any Java based reporting tool like Jasper/Pentaho
Sample sketch app using HTML5 Canvas that demonstrates lineTo drawing techniques, as well as brush images.


Can stream an ~20 minutes ASCII movie via Telnet emulation as stand alone server or via xinetd daemon. Using famous ASCII art animation from www.asciimation.co.nz (Star ASCIIMATION Wars)
FortiGate automatic backup script.

Numerical tetris-like game using pygame
Old system test code before it was merged back to main code repository
Replicating intriguing numerical properties of the Qur'an with easy-to-follow, open source procedures
General "bits and pieces" repository.
Open-source framework for modeling Vehicle Routing Problems.
Cycle chrome theme and colour schemes with F8
Hydra head application used at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Bukkit/Minecraft plugin to have players pay for typing specific commands - uses Vault.
Calaos Web App - HTML5 (based on AngularJS) Application for calaos home automation system
Monotone (a version control system) Emacs integration
CakePHP2: Deprecated parent controller class that adds a helper _respond() method for ajax requests
a bookmarklet to create passwords easily and securely
A program which allows several people to queue music to a single computer for use on example LAN parties or at the office.
Naive implementation of Radix Tree for Ruby
Python code to demonstrate mediac computation ( http://coweb.cc.gatech.edu/mediaComp-teach ) examples.
General tools for Neil
The qWikiOffice Web Desktop is an open source project committed to providing an online experience that is unique and user friendly.  Ajax technology combined with the EXT-JS library and cutting edge graphics allow qWikiOffice and the web applications with
AwesomeMailer embeds your e-mail CSS inline, allowing you to write e-mail templates without worrying too much about stylesheets

Modern, statically typed, duck typed, generic, imperative programming language, inspired by C++, Go, and Scala.
forked from http://redmine.the.re/git/puppet-rsnapshot.git
Codeigniter 2 class for google analytics api
Template engine based on the Document Object Model no placeholders!

A lightweight RESTful router component for PHP 5.3+
Enhances the PuTTY's features, can support stop/start/find for serial, and support adb(android debug bridge)
Github page
NSFormatter subclass for iphone-like phone number field
Core52: Rapid development MVC Framework for PHP - Official Repository
Api for using config entries (only partially done)
English To DateTime is a plugin that takes (from an input field) both relative dates or dates formatted like M/D/Y and returns a JS Date object corresponding to that date.
SDK to use HockeyApp in Windows and Windows Phone apps.
Node.js based todo application.
Node.js module to list all files in a directory or any subdirectories.
DO NOT USE. Riakkit. An ORM for Python Riak for RAD. Similar to mongokit and couchdbkit. This is about to be deprecated by kvkit

Tools for dealing with APOGEE data

The simplest Chef recipe that could possibly work.
Opensource for all used Algorithm, written in C or CPP language. Have fun.
HAProxy monitor library for node.js
Android HTML rendering library with CSS support
This is a sandbox that you can experiment with anything in
Status bar utility for dwm written in Go with XCB that shows: date, load, memory, I/O and network statistics
SendGrid Node.js helper library
Bitminter API methods for Node.js
iOS application deployment helpers
Barron helps you with locking. It uses file-system locks, but eventually configurable backends would be nice.

Just some SRPMS for Fedora that I made
command-line interface helper utility for ruby
Alternative calendar export plugin for Moodle 2
Projects i do in arduino
Rails form builder that creates Bootstrap style forms
php site to monitor alarm events from python-alarm
Pagelime Rails Plugin
Google style guides and cpplint (with modifications)
Some handy tools for GNU/Linux , bash , open environment to make your day to day life easier
DB classes for node JS
Educational projects for github
A brand new PHP framework which aims to make coding simpler
Texties is the fun new way to send Unicode and ASCII art to your friends!
Timelab is a C API for writing stand alone sound synthesis algorithms. It is intended for deployment on embedded systems, but can run on a computer just fine. The purpose of timelab is to provide a framework for a novel approach to synthesis based on nume
Web app for work
An AI based search engine that indexes concordia.ca
Android app for robot control
ffgrep - A grep-like command line tool to search text files in a given directory and (optionally) open a text editor to the matching line.
A custom home page with a search engine and other helpful widgets.
a smart bmvp framework for you SPA
A scratchpad for working on making some of the C++11 STL code from gcc 4.9 transaction-safe
many jquery // such doge // so pro // wow
the php extension for smaz
Python solution to make lines of text in a file a JavaScript array
A maven plugin for data-driven, template-based code generation
LWIP implementation of MQTT stack
Open source library for SPI/I2C control via FTDI chips
Chef Cookbook to deploy the magic.arch.tamu.edu site
a yaml parser for c++
miniKanren with declarative copy term (copyo)
RatLang is an open source programming language that wants to replace your calculator. It strives for the most concise syntax and the most useful language constructs to make writing calculations faster.
WP starter theme
A java client for Diffbot's RESTful API that fills any java class with the appropriate data according to it's fields' names
Complete (in theory...) documentation for Ractive.js
A tiny League of Legends API library for Node.js and browsers.
Fetch pure HTML from a webserver and save it to disk
Properly defer your JavaScript files for increased performance
Totem plugin for viewing streams from the HD Homerun Prime without DLNA
A Mimosa 2.0 module for Coco compiling
A Game Template I developed that is similar to games like Mafia Wars. (Not 100% complete)
This project uses machine learning algorithms to analyze waiting time at DMV offices. 
Unlimited* cloud storage
Ex8, co-written with Dylan Otto Krider was an open-ended assignment from our Games Programming class using Java and OpenGL

An iOS component for sighting a point using the camera and compass.
an iOS component for drawing on an image

Organized  iOS networking framework
Singleton class for In App Purchases for iOS development
open source http server
An extension for Brackets that generates the 'base HTML code' much like DreamWeaver does.
Created using Windows Form Application in C#. Program utilizes Color Class to display picture. Common functions are performed, including flip, rotate, invert and resize.
Make sense of omics data with graph database + mining + visualization.
A lightweight SASS mixin library and responsive CSS layout engine.
Python client for cryptocurrency exchanges
A packet-level multi-channel spectrum simulator, suitable for testing of Bluetooth 4.0 LE.
This is how a typical javascript project with jasmine BDD framework would look like.
Python scripts to design and check primer stats for PCR 
Jenkins buddy to create jenkins easily, require jenkins-job-builder
miscellaneous scripts
Adds functionality to jQuery deferreds that act like normal deferred methods but also can pass along properties on the deferreds when they are piped.  Probably most useful for ensuring your AJAX deferreds keep their XHR methods as you use the deferred cha
Bash scripts to verify directory structure, file permissions, or command output.
built.io supports notifications for iOS and Android. In Android, push notifications are provided by the GCM (Google Cloud Messaging) Service. To setup GCM, follow: http://developer.android.com/google/gcm/gs.html
Implement text ellipsis effect without CSS(CSS ellipsis only can make one line, but it overcomes limitation) in mobile environment used by jQuery
A tool for extracting and showing some statistical information about software projects; Based on Git, CLOC and git-score.

Loja Virtual com Cake Php
Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in JavaScript
A web app and HTTP client for snapchat.
Distributed graph storage based on Akka and Scala
A WIP Adminmod for Just Cause 2 Multiplayer
CiviCRM extension with custom searches for De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension for the specific API wrapper De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension De Goede Woning synchronization with First Noa
Public Site
NGS data simulator
A chrome extension the organizes downloads by file types
Zoomable D3 project
Django Navigation App (helper for django-sitetree)
Convert decimal to rational fraction in JS. Freedom code with open source
high performance image processing library and tools

!WARNING! Application not finished! Realtime chat with moderation mode - moderators can publish only hand-picked messages, which can be useful in Q&A sessions. Node and Angular.
Display recent Google contacts list with their Name, Email and Phone numbers.  
Python Smart Feed library
Responsive Websites Using Twitter BootStrap
a Backbone.Model formatting extension
Android extension for OpenFL for Localytics
Android extension for OpenFL for Flurry
Export your database as a Laravel Migration. And export your DB data as a seed file. Finally sync all this with your remote server.
Read Debian control files with node
O2 Version Started
A React JSX asset loader for Optimus.
The code could analysis JSON data to object
Portfolio Tool is a static site generator (think jekyll, hyde, pelican, etc) for porfolios. It simplifies the process of making a portfolio to simply organizing the work in folders and generating the site.

A collection of CSS3 powered hover effects to be applied to links, buttons, logos, SVG, featured images and so on. Easily apply to your own elements, modify or just use for inspiration. Available in CSS, Sass, and LESS.
Repository for a JCA Test Mail Resource Adapter by using the GreenMail test framework
Use BASS lib to detect song BPM
PHP skeleton for doing coding katas (PHPUnit, mockery, phpspec and prophecy)
new type wargame
The PHP script that ran the old Raspberry Pi mirror system that lived at downloads.raspberrypi.org
Helper scripts for UltimateFishbot
A chrome extenstion to add list navigation item to top nav in chrome
Recursively locks all files in a given SVN directory. (For migrating source code over to git ;))
Guadalinex v9 meta package with compiled version of firefox 24.2.0
A webapp for storing and retrieving blobs. Use with HttpBlobStore
this is front end project of css3 and html 5
RTL2832U SDR with HTML5 UI using websockets
Tools for Instagram: API, downloading images, analyzing images, SNA
Modification of WPExplorer's Tetris WP Theme
This is a file server that has an email user interface (EUI).  It uses IMAP and SMTP
A tool for watching changes in files. Written in coffee as a substitute for inotify, makes use of the fs.watch commands.
A pure Ruby implementation of the GeoModel concept for enabling Geospatial Queries in Non-SQL environments
Strip comments from JSON. Lets you use comments in your JSON files!
GnuCash Python helper script to import transactions from QIF text files into GnuCash's own file format
Guadalinex v9 meta package with compiled version of firefox 24.2.0 32bits
Copy changed blocks from one file to another
Using jQuery to create a set of filters based on 6 Hat thinking and Oblique Strategies
Use yeoman to generate a handlebars helper that can easily be used with Assemble.
Quick Status Bar Menu on OS X that allows you to quickly paste code on @DHowett's ghostbin.com.

Launch and stop HTTP Server before/after each tests
Session store container which provides transparent access
civicrmfr website theme and modules
Homebrew tap for power_fixer https://github.com/binchewer/power_fixer
Console tool written in Ruby to export Google Trends data
Toolkit php scripts
this repository is upgradtion of rails 3 code to rails 4
MediaBrowser 3 Plugin 
A JavaScript library for Firefox OS application development, consisting of WAI-ARIA-driven accessible widgets, a lightweight app framework, and convenient utility functions.
HTML-based client application of Qchan.
Bind all sorts of things to html click events
A responsive theme for Ghost.
A Chrome extension that allows you to study and take notes on a selected directory of bookmarks.
2013 Scala workshop and 2014 Scala workshops (maintained by Robert White) at The University of Manchester
A repo to create simplified GeoJSON regions so we can display map-based visualisations without having to load tiles all over the place.
A Docker Cassandra container
Express server that keeps alive a PhantomJS service
nfo files and rename scripts for Chaos Communication Congress recordings so XBMC can add them as a show
Todo list application
A Free Cross-platform Multi-protocol VPN Software, developed by SoftEther VPN Project at University of Tsukuba, Japan.
recreating a server + client with communication over connection and connectionless.
AngularJS module for advanced working with strings in JS
Decrypt Passwords used in TeraTerm Macro TTL files using function getpassword
caustic lets you build scrapers in JSON, and run them on an android device.
ProxyRouter acts as a proxy server to route requests from one domain to other yet isolating them to communicate directly. It is best suited for auditing and reporting purposes in an environment where many web apps communicating with each other
AngularJS module for working with browser local storage
AngularJS module for advanced working with arrays in JS
The newswidget on the homepage of LUNF. Created by @rioforce and @le717
Zend Framework 1 Service LiveDocx package

Include a hidden div on your WordPress site using a widget
A template for Bash scripts to avoid typing the same code in every script I create
Helper for launching applications while reinstall frequently.
JSON RPC Server for Bridge Buddy - a Bridge Card Game Helper
GitHub Organization Page
AP COMPSci Project - Triangle Calculator - Written in Java.
Game launcher that installs the game client by torrenting it. This allows for customization of what is being downloaded while still using a default well seeded torrent.
a Haskell-based Slack chatbot using the Happstack framework
Ruby on Rails App that displays random quotes
Bash scripts to verify directory structure, file permissions, or command output.
Utility to convert your libs folder to migrate maven or ivy based dependency management system
River of Life Prayer Guide
A moka icon theme for webOS.  Takes all icons from the Moka icon theme for Ubuntu, and some other elements from Ubuntu GNOME.
nodejs/express based backend and angular based frontend
A Feature Rich set of tools to start you of on your new project.
Yeoman generator to improve and speed up the development workflow of an AngularJS application.
Maybe a new engine for FTG
Dockerize the nginx development version
Spree Extension for handling pop-up in store
open assessment
Just a copy of the ITU-T STL2009 with a working build chain for (l)unix [make]
Website created to support a national press advertising campaign in The Irish Times
Company Website
Rails application for beauty institute with custom content management functionality
A use of handler and threading to perform a image transition. It's also contains the custom list down view.
An extended version of the scm.go Scheme Lisp interpreter in Go
A script to encode image files as base64 text. 
vim plugin that makes vim syntax highlighting engine available in pandoc
Quartz listeners that publish events over AMQP. Developed to be used in Clojure projects with Quartzite.
A soap service provider for Silex, based on the ZendSoap component from ZendFramework project.
An Objective-C library enabling easy implementation of feature experiments on iOS allowing users to opt in and out of experiments at will.
A dependency-free Object Schema library for Ruby
An iOS app created using "iOS Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide"

Heroku fog server and ping client.

Code for an Arduino to act as an animal chip reader reading 125/134.2 Khz RFID chips commonly used for animal identification.
TrueTime-HSF is an extended version of TrueTime which implements two level hierarchical scheduling. The original TrueTime is developed by department of automatic control at Lund University: http://www3.control.lth.se/truetime/
[Deprecated] Row-based multi-tenancy for SQLAlchemy
Minimalistic PHP framework
jQuery plugin for HTML Microdata
ThinkDiff S'kool website in rails 4
Authentication server
Multi-Tabbed File System Browser
Seed project for single page Angular.js applications running on a Node.js/Express server.  Includes tests with jasmine-node on server and karma-jasmine on client.  Sample files can be overwritten or deleted - most exist simply for demonstration of the pro
ActiveRecord caching extension
Connect to Modbus enabled smart meter using Python!
A Mimosa 2.0 module for Stylus compiling
Build a local copy of a Flickr photoset
Game of Life implementation in JavaScript
generate cluster pxe files from a flat config file
Nights! Nights! Wordpress theme
A utility application that automates the bootstrapping of a Django-powered site
A library to work with quantities and units.
App which tracks users progress towards skills mastery. Final project for BEWD 05 NYC.
Java Client Library for Riak JSON (https://github.com/basho-labs/riak_json)
This is a http metrics reporter for kafka using Jetty with the Codahale metrics servlets (http://metrics.codahale.com/manual/servlets/kafka )
A JavaScript class implementation
Skookum School App
Typescript implementation without Visual Studio of http://www.photonstorm.com/phaser/advanced-phaser-and-typescript-projects
Maven based Java Wrapper for the DiffBot API
cawcaw ( aka ChaffingAndWinnowing,ChaffingAndWinnowing ) core system
A gamemode for Garry's Mod that allows you to have virtually infinite ammo and overpowered stats!
iOS Tweak that thins notification banners down to size!
Master Redux - Open-Source HTML5/JS remake of Tetra Master (the Final Fantasy IX card game)
React-clojure is a clojure wrapper around JSX (JavaScript XML syntax transform recommended for use with React).
A node wrapper for the jp2a CLI tool
Arduino Library For Elechouse SimpleVR
numbers.js is a client-side javascript library that adds some advanced mathematics functionality to the standard Math library.
https://kath.io/
A Project to make MySQL data backup using Ruby on Rails
Crafity HTMl UI elements
Outlook, iCal, Google, Yahoo calendar entry
Source etc related to Clarion for Windows
Work to develop a group settings control workflow for University of Alaska System. The code is incomplete and need be completed. But there are some good examples on interaction with google group settings API.
HQ(historical quotes web client for yahoo finance API)
A JavaScript based application for University of Alaska Tuition Estimator, with an interface that is built to make the financial decision which part of coming the decision to go to school easy. Compare cost across various study plans and compare it with n
Node.js In Action shoutbox app
Final project for ITP 380 - Video Game Programming.
Used to create Lua scripts, which can in turn create an element in The Powder Toy
An iOS home application for Arctic Region Supercomputing Center. This application was built in collaboration from Bob Torgerson. This was my first iOS application.
Implementation of Kademlia using Scala and Akka
Remember Pi application. Try to remember. Get told what the next are. Try to go as far as you can! (Don't know how many digits)
Opensource Reddit like website. This project was built using: java, MySQL, redis, Angular.js, Bootstrap
Wordpress Plugin allowing for up/down or like voting geared to be flexible enough for any use.
Open video in a pop-up
Free-D Unity is a open source project that is done for Woodbury University Digital Media Lab.
Python script to parse and convert dfxp (subtitle) to ass
Get your API out of the closet
Java remote process execution library
A custom knockout 3.0.0 binding for the googleMaps API
Reliable File System (college Operating System course exercise) - low level filesystem tier with fdisk, striping, ...
A script to download images from urls in Elastic Seach index, process and reindex the new url
R client library for the Adobe Analytics 1.4 API - the API is currently in beta. This package hasn't been extensively tested, so please get in touch with me if you're interested in using it.
I needed to create an AWS marketplace AMI at work, so the instances needed to get their authorized_keys set from the keypair specified to AWS.

(Php) An IA for a two players game
RaspberryPi LCD Info script
Shell script en Bash para subir archivos(mayormente imagenes) a uploadpie.com desde la linea de comandos.
Powershell script to get the installed versions of web browsers on local and remote machines.
Luthor is a lexer interface written in angular
A really old, bad, incomplete implementation of the Cycle System task management for Android. Only staying around because I'm sentimental.
A reusable set of build and automation scripts to facilitate a best practices based development and release process for managed package development on the Salesforce1 Platform
Game with Blocks based on libgdx gradle template
Classic children's card game, Memory/Concentration, made with Polymer Dart.
video.js plugin that adds a navigable waveform for audio and video files
PeerShare is a P2P file sharing website using Javascript, jQuery and PeerJS
static html page
Minebuilder Mod Script Engine
C++ Program
AWS EBS Snapshot Backup Tool for Windows
Ansible role that compiles and installs Ruby 1.9.3 (https://www.ruby-lang.org) and Bundler (http://bundler.io).
Tool for seeing the output of the iPhone 5S's motion DSP, using Core Motion.
This is Alistair's development version of ZhuangLab/matlab-storm.  For release version, please see Zhanglab/matlab-storm.
Random JavaScript code. Drawn from katas, text, and general experimentation.
Python related tools
Zaphire framework is a framework which takes cues from other frameworks like Zend to create a family basis on which to build your high performace web applications.
random one-off page to calculate arrow spine for archers
A tool for deploying web applications using Docker
Docker Image for running Memcached on CentOS 6
Virtual Memory implementation in Pintos Operating System
an extranet application for ruby on rails
toy scala lisp implementation
Tool for updating the GAC of a server from a client
Smashing Node.js: JavaScript Everywhere By Guillermo Rauch - examples implement
Contains source code for web page templates

It's a game.
DiffBot client written on pure C
A few projects with the most known WebGL APIs.
Back up your Simplenote account to a git repo or gist!
create a processing element that is active only if consumers of results are subscribed to it
Give data packages some context because web and linked data

A PHP client for the oVirt API
AT&T M2X C Library
Website

Magic: The Gathering life counter in jQuery
Easing equations for the fx module in the svg.coffee library
PHP Code kit
The new old tibia server
Java project I worked on for fun to cheat in the iPhone word game "Ruzzle." To run, run through the main class. Note: it may take a couple seconds for a window to pop up, just be patient :)
Cinch (codename) WordPress developer framework
Scripting Libre(Open/Neo)Office with CoffeeScript
An open source, survey-based matchmaking program
An advanced template for NodeJS projects.
Implementation of akka-persistence storage plugins for mongodb
systemd socket activation for PHP FastCGI
Java Implementation of high performance and DBMS-independent Sequence Generator introduced by Martin Fowler's book <patterns of enterprise application architecture>
Social Golf Site
A Cocoa timer class for iOS and OS X offering a choice of behaviors, so you can use the right one.
A client-side controller for lucos_media_manager
Here should be all Modules for the Mod Powercraft
Web CMS system
Calibrate multiple rtl-sdr dongles concurrently and make them work together on GSM
.DS_Store manipulation and creation from node.js
create deployment timelines - api written in golang
Track every file and folder chang on your computer!
A boilerplate for WordPress custom post types
All purpose jQuery paralax movement script
bibsmobile project stuff
Just like a doodle but for pizzas
Creates a .html file with links to all files in a chosen folder
Repository for Synthesizer development
RSS attachment downloader written in Go
Hackathon idea to create an app to facilitate RIPAS blood bank information
Easy to use class to connect to different database (actually MySQL and SQLite) using same methods
Source code for the playcanvas-based game Chartreuse Warden.
Sample storage engine for MySQL
jQuery Mobile for Rails 3/4 Asset Pipeline
Page Visibility API emulation for Firefox 5+
Legacy library hours module from staff site.
Helper plugin for adding member icon/badges next to username for members.
Tiled map engine using Rails, Javascript, and HTML5

Users can buy and sell products, similar to ebay.com
An open source system for creating RDF from various source data such as spreadsheets and CSV files.  It is based around use of the Ruby ERB templating system.

JavaScript/HTML5 Canvas based teleprompter
sublime text 3 on save less builder
An Node.js-based Open Sound Control (OSC) library for Flocking
Android app that shows the Spanish lotto results
Application Lifecycle Management with Git.
This is web application in which any user can other user to view their posts ..
Portfolio Site
Development repository for Chef Cookbook for Apple XCode
A minimal sysvinit script set designed for Raspberry Pi
This is a library of classes that can help with implementing the smt-transform API with ANTLR4.
Multi-timescale backup driver for duplicity
Scotland Yard board game
Subtitles Translation Helper
An R package to help manage R projects (e.g. Sweave reports) where multiple versions are created based upon a single source repository. For example, a monthly report where each versions is identitcal with the exception of easily definable parameters (e.g.
A JavaScript library that makes observing changes to the DOM easy
Interpreter for statically typed, duck typed language with list style macros
The configuration backup and restore app allows an administrator to take a snapshot (archive file) of all configuration settings of the system, allowing easy restoration in the event data is lost.

Metadata Library for node.js


Zend Framework 1 Search Lucene package
A collection of specialized monitors for gollector

Open data on 4,000+ social media apps from oneforty.com #hubspot-open-source
Dashboard with various profiling tools suitable for live servers

A LINQPad driver to perform queries againt Azure Table Storage.
An android application which can be used by teachers to take attendance of students , keep track of students , send a message to an absentee etc.,
Scripts to make P4 CLI easier to use
Picture gallery with backend section to manage images and text.
Accumulo source/sink bindings for Accumulo
\N
delo's github page
Proyecto 3 de Graficas I
An implementation of the sliding functionality found in the Path 2.0 or Facebook iOS apps.
Implementation in C# of Kyle Bragger's tiny project
Perl module implementing prime number tools in C++ with the Sieve of Eratosthenes.
the nurse rota generation software / jacop constraint programming  
A Scala Swing component that wraps javax.swing.JTree
Real Time Information App for Dublin bus for the Sailfish Operating System on the new Jolla smartphones
Quick and flexible placeholders, created right in browser.    
A program which takes a brainfuck program as input, and interprets it.
Modified version of SuSE ftp-proxy
Tool to arange windows quickly on the Mac OS X desktop
This module integrates Apache Nutch crawler as alternative search engine in Jahia.
X.Org Client side font rendering library
runs stuff in parallel (like GNU parallel, but much faster and memory-efficient)
Multiplatform application for the solution of two-dimensional problems described by PDE, based on the Hermes2D library
Export your Facebook Page or App Profile
Bootstrap C#/.NET template for creating high performance social enabled websites and apis
This header file enforces Clang warnings to bu turned-on for specific flags (almost everyone, at least each one I was able to find).  
OS-level test automation
iOS chiptune/module player
A copy of the mozilla.org PHP site.
a django-cms plugin portafolio
Sample application showing sketching & collaboration using HTML5 canvas and short-interval data poll.


NBi is a testing framework (add-on to NUnit) for Microsoft Business Intelligence platform and Data Access. The main goal of this framework is to let users create tests with a declarative approach based on an Xml syntax. By the means of NBi, you don't need
Safari Extension extracting information from a Mantis issue and adds it to a GitHub issue
Zend Framework 1 Gdata package
Pantera is a tool to test the resilience of cloud applications.
Generic Disease Modelling System
Seth Ladd's excellent box2d intro migrated to a modular structure with requirejs.
[WIP current state : waiting for PhantomJS bugfix] Screenshot Webservice is an open-source REST web service to perform web page screenshots.
Clase para utilizar la pasarela de pagos redsys, sermepa.
Using onwire sensors, a prepay 3g card, two linux machine (client, server), I want to monitor temperature, humidity, etc.
Some snippets of statistics and R
A styleguide generator based on kss (https://github.com/kneath/kss), but built in node.js
HTTP middleware for Go that facilitates some quick security wins.
Android Live information coming from Twitter
Little ruby gem for parsing release text files from Diamond Comics
A mailSender component
C++ implementation of Dirichlet Process Bayesian Clustering
Salesforce.com-based tool that imports people and event registrations from Eventbrite into Salesforce.
Rails without the data loss.
A Yii ActiveRecord behavior to keep a backup of the loaded values for an ActiveRecord instance
Zend Framework 1 Dom package
Zend Framework 1 Mime package
Zend Framework 1 Version package
Zend Framework 1 Paginator package
Zend Framework 1 Log package
Zend Framework 1 Rest package
Example project that demonstrates using reverse auth with Social.framework
Project euler assignments on Scala language
JDT/UI project repository (eclipse.jdt.ui)
An Etherpad Lite client for Java
ZOMG Memes! Realtime! Node.js! Kittehs! memecached is a community meme generator website/app written with Node.js. Meme publishing and consumption is realtime thanks to Now.js.
