A simple vim bundle for working with gyp files.
Basic structure for a REST client using the Silex microframework to consume the sample https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestServer  For documentation review please go to https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestClient/wiki
Some posts in Russian
practice
Simple blog application written using Django
This is a fork of Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) from http://www.nrl.navy.mil/itd/ncs/products/core  A description from the project page: "The Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) is a tool for emulating networks on one or more machines. You can con
A very simple Rails 3 sample app using my fork of the Paths of Glory achievement system gem.
A collection scripts for android and linux
First Mod

The example files for Building Android Apps with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Tutorial at Mozilla Python Meetup
SearchPhp - Pimcore Website Search (fork of official Pimcore plugin http://www.pimcore.org/resources/extensions/detail/SearchPhp)
Test repo for testing gerrit replication
My home directory dotfiles, bin files, etc.
Self contained self hosting Nancy demo
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
The project consists in an Android application that can be used by employees in a restaurant to handle the clients, their orders and can help them easily find free tables or place orders. This is only a demo application, created mainly for proof of proper
personal website
An embedded HTTP server for performing queries and gestures
collection of resources related to design and user experience
A port of my hlbsp project (rendering BSP v30 files from Halflife and it's mods (expecially CS 1.6)) to JS and WebGL (It's currently a project for school)
A 2D rigid body simulator written in C++.
Github mirror of "operations/debs/python-phabricator" - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing
log4cxx  mirrored http://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/incubator/log4cxx/trunk
A collection of practice exams for exams in core curriculum CS courses at RIT.
Clans/Teams Plugin for Minecraft Bukkit Servers, NOTE: This project has now been split into 2 projects, TeamCraft(basic team structures and commands) https://github.com/Satrosity/TeamCraft and KingdomCraft (addon to TeamCraft, will have area commands, sco
Only for testing purpose
[deprecated] can be replace with v2 of i18next
Documentation of the Guild Wars 2 Archive file (gw2.dat)
Demo of grails-cookie plugin
My dotfiles
Clean Yeti Basic WordPress Theme
Documentation bundled with KISS IDE
These are my dotfiles. There are many like it, but this one is mine.
NOTE: maya2renderer is moved to https://github.com/maya2renderer/maya2renderer
Example of a scalable robotframework test suite, following the example at http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/tools-and-tips/get-test-infected-with-selenium-2/ but using RobotFramework
A cookbook that provide recipes to set printers to node
A simple animated image rotator.
Outlet is a simple Lisp-like programming language
Kohana 3.2 basic CRUD / scaffold
My config files
SortAlgorithms java
This is a test to work on repo configurations
Small helper script for exporting MySQL databases.

An adoption of my e4 contacts demo for GWT, using the GWT MVP architecture with activities, places, event bus, etc.
USE THE UPSTREAM GIT REPO INSTEAD http://root.cern.ch/git/root.git or here https://github.com/root-mirror/root. Mirror of CERN's ROOT svn repository, updates are run hourly. master branch is svn trunk. Branch branches/dev is suppossed to be a set of branc

A mirror of the testing series of the KiCad bazaar repository.
Simple text editor written in C++ and wxWidgets 2.8
List files in directories of S3-hosted websites
my vim config files
A 3D first person environment demo
Some OBD code for Python. Old and crappy, but putting it here in case I need it again.
A basic "facebook-like" standalone wall (posts, comments, like/unlike) with php/pdo/ldap, html, css and javascript/jquery
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
This is the source code to my personal webpage. It's hosted on PagodaBox (that's what the BoxFile's for).
On-the-fly documentation
My configuration files


A simple Flickr photo search built using Angular
Just a test!

Simple, fast and extensible tweening library for SFML
Example .Net MVC project
Personal website
Blobs of prepared data from the Delta Conservation Demonstration Center (www.dcdcfarm.org)



(Temporary) Maven Repository
ecommerce site to learn php

My notes on learning PHP in Chinese.

My personal website




My personal website with blog
AgentP is a small python system monitoring agent


collection of scripts, etc that I cart around to different machines
Basic repo to get started using clojure in heroku
An Objective-C UIView that will search iTunes for an app and return the basic results.



A small Java program that converts an integer to its corresponding word.

demo-demo

A basic game theory strategy for Settlers of Catan.
My personal tech blog
My personal blog
Assorted code from projects from UPenn MEAM 410/510 course
Old repo for my personal portfolio site. No longer updated.

First repository
My demo



This is a test repo


Temp repo for practicing Uncle Bob's Clean Architecture on iOS

Just another repository
Small tool to determine OS Version
OpenMiracle version 3.0.0 has been released
I wrote my resume in LaTeX based on the one by Alessandro Plasmati <https://www.sharelatex.com/templates/cv-or-resume/professional-cv>.

Swift Conventions and Style Guide
Course Project of Formal Verification

Small Ruby File That Returns Product of User Input While Ignoring Strings and 0s 
Misc. collection of c++ programs illustrating the capabilities of the language.

working through Rust by Example http://rustbyexample.com/
Base WordPress Theme

This is a project created to make web development more simple, I think there are a lot of duplication in web development. If we can abstract the common part as module and next time with some providing configuration file like(XML, YAML etc), we can generat
first git
Collection of personal coding projects. They may or may not grow into individual projects.

Demo Wordpress 

An open gl test project
This's my first repo on GITHUB
Personal Repo to store daily /r/dailyprogrammer challenges

These are my bash and zsh profile files.

Created new REPO

CO318 network programming 2 course 1st group project ( With Kanchana Gamage )
Tutorial Ruby on Rails Application
Generate Wiki pages in Confluence following provided page structure
This is the first time try
My first Minecraft mod.
Personal files for my VPS
My github site
Example Android application for accessing RPC and Portals APIs
The classical todo example in various frameworks, basically for learning and demo purpose.
Matasano challenge answers http://cryptopals.com/
North Hennepin CS1130 Java programming class

/* I decided to start this new year, playing with Java. I will use this class later for a clock component */

All of my answers to the problems at Project Euler.
The playground of all things ianpmcintyre.com
linux thread learning and practice project

This is my first responsitory.

My Resume/Portfolio
My personal home on the web
some exercises from .js roadtrip on Code School
Simple Payroll system implemented using Ruby on Rails
A working example of using the Facebook iOS and Facebook Android Components with Xamarin Forms
:floppy_disk: List of coding resources. 
A simple notebook with 1 page 
https://www.leafac.com
vapecoin VPC https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=911357
Manny's Magical Master Manager is an aid to manage the small details of DMing for you, so you can focus on the real work. Currently available as a text-based interface, a GUI is planned eventually.

Toying with the PRAM reddit API (hopefully)
Tutorial for Django List
My First Repository

A small Java program that enables you to open a window on your default browser.



HasanOzgan's Personal Web Site

simple python scraper for cragslist tickets

A repository to test the development of responsive navbars


First repository for Hadoop programming
CO318 network programming 2 course 2nd group project ( with Kanchana Gamage )

development work 
A simple to do list written in Swift for experimenting


just for testing


Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015.
Puppet manifest for setting up new machines
Coursera online course - R Programming
This class can be used to check the validaty of Swedish Person number.
A short story about a cyclist who used military technology to improve his cycling career.
I want to create a small billing system for restaurants as a mini project 
Image processing on AVA database. Creating some new colour features, colour descriptors.
Example from Android Studio
Tools and code that is for personal use - may not make much sense to anyone else


Basic game

This is a simple vbscript App for text to voice conversion

Project name: Hospital_help Project description in detail:     Schedule of today's events that can be printed     Details of events to help motivate the patient     Ability to create and edit events     Encouraging pictures and videos when patient follows

Basic Space Invaders clone written in Love2D 
Working example of jakewharton's dagger+butterknife demo app

Sample Repository created to learn Git
Java source following The Cherno's Game Programming tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFYT7Lqt1h8&list=PLlrATfBNZ98eOOCk2fOFg7Qg5yoQfFAdf
This is my first test repo in GIT


Learning to crate a repository in github
Based on OneMonthRails tutorial, building a Ruby web app

Tutorial
docker repo
A very simple Vagrant box for Rails development



Source code for lessons and assignments of Udacity-Twitter course "Real-Time Analytics with Apache Storm".
Some code to start learning new functionality in Java 8
happy school days
TradePlan is an Android App that help active trader to calculate the risk for each trade he is going to take. And for every trade he can monitor and get the latest price update directly on the device.
Some simple terminal utilities for Go 
Final Project Wireless Systems and Networks course




A simple implementation of the 'Lights Out' game in Elm

Beginner codebase for me to write small, grid-based java games.





I made this project to help my friends and people who want to learn programming.
First repository based on tutorial guide
Simple Hangman Game (Used for Training Courses)
clone of https://code.google.com/p/webiopi


I made this project for secret chat application among my friends.
This was the course I had taken in MSBA Program (UT Austin) to learn the basics of Text Processing
Blog


A collection of my programming projects - 



This is my personal website
Fork from https://github.com/rstacruz/nprogress.git
get used to Business Intelligence, this is my final project of BI class.
A small python script that controls a DSLR to take up to 31 pictures for HDR processing



Nothing at all
this is a github test repo

practice and learn the Django python web framework
Awesome Space Storage Inventory Management
Python script used in my project ROBOCar which won the "Best Project Award of 2013"at  aDAVitya 13, DAVIET's technical fest.
Rest-API / YII - PHP


Simple server & client applications in Ruby.
A SignalR test project. Where AngularJS is in play, which wrap SignalR nicely.
Simple REST Client using Apache HTTP
This is a parent project as a library. It's a summary of my Android development experience. It concludes lots of tool classes, such as some classes about SharedPreference, IO, Download, Network and so on. Of course, some custom widgets, like RoundedImageV
Basic To Do reminder app for iOS 8




My media files

My first! This is also the repository for my Cash Register code in Minecraft.


Python code examples

Example of RestKit use from ReyWenderlich web site.
Simple todo list.
My first git program
Coffee Script course

My First Repository
A short Python script to create a template LaTeX, Bibtex and Make file for my university work.
system



The VDBA documentation.
Running through Angular JS Phonecat Tutorial
Test how to pull
this is the first git project
RAPID is a set of tools for the alignment, and analysis of genomic regions with small RNA clusters derived from small RNA sequencing data.

The demo app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial

Application being built to learn git

Collection of Objective C helpers
Uyghur Language Processing Guide for Developers

just do it!
Reddit clone in ruby. WIP



my first repository, study use github


Convert data
This repo is used to extract web content
Personal blog using Octopress
My first steps with fully isomorphic SPA app in React.

Just my experiments with Haskell

Target for 2015


solr config
AngularJS Project
This is used to scrap webcontent

a config file and skin for atom.io

Python learning
my first github repository


First Git-Hub repository just to know
This is the first repository, to test how works github
The .gitignore file we use for our Android projects created with Android Studio.

These are two badly written Arduino source code files for my own personal use. One will be reading information from a joystick and transmitting that information by radio (eventually, for now it's just over a wire) to another arduino board which will parse

A first try to a HTML helper for simple tables

Simple time measurement and collection utilities in scala

Learning C and OpenGL

Random page for random python stuff

a school project
Practice - Blog For Stuff
A collection of algorithms and functions written for PHP

Learning to work with Rails engines. An engine made out of the inbox functionality in the MailServer Project.

A collection of algorithms and functions written for PHP
getting started with github
My first repository
Some drawings for CNC machine I used to enhance my house
[ Python ] Static Simple PostScript interpreter for CptS 355 (Programming Language Design).

The repository contains independent pygame learning codes..
For learning KUE

fork of http://www.policyd-weight.org 
Examples for the Java Programming Basics course
This is a small webproject i wrote as a support tool for the cthulhu scenario 'Under high pressure'
Hey my first repository! I finally understood what repository means ;P
Notes about learning ROS (Robot Operating System)
check how things work in github

noInfoPath layout module
My First game, written with Love2D
noInfoPath logger module
This is my first GIT repo as I try to get more into version control
Game where you can build your ship down to small details.
testing jenkins is really working
This is a repo to test out project specific web pages through a git repo


A small 10 mintue text adventure crafted in python


A Team Fortress 2 territory control map.

Arch centric dotfiles.

A quick start code & guide for using Spring Boot and build a simple REST API from ground up in few minutes
My first repo
A collection of themes for Tumblr
test sample of pluralsight intro to node.js



the first github project
A simple and specific script I wrote that looks at an input text file for Names and Email addresses and builds an output text file using tab delimited columns for Firstname Surname and Email Address fields.

Tutorial noVNC
photo's organizer and backup

First game created using Unity

Website Repo
This is a demo app to play with Travis CI
2015 Kidozen demo of a vendors CRM application


Small private tools
This is a demo app to play with Travis CI using ObjectiveC
Copy of PHP-SRC updated with a fix for read/write timeouts on openssl extension. Branches exist for the latest stable release of 5.5.20 and 5.6.4   I can add additional branches if requested. NOTE: These changes have been merged into the current 5.5, 5.6,

A simple catchy layout for your online resume
A Project for learning Programming in any language and script, your mothertongue.

BurJS is a small and easy to use framework for building client side applications and lets you bind all your favorite libraries together.
Personal coding projects I have done.
Working directory of  Physics bachelor students of the University of  Amsterdam following an Astronomy-Astrophysics workshop
First repository







An example site using the new asp.net identity.
This is a repo of my engineer's thesis. All rights belong to Lodz University of Technology. 

Rackspace icon I hacked for some presentations
Just a test to be sure everything is set up and working correctly

backup timeline


various config files
This repository contains a java program which read pdf file with tesseract ocr and add the recognized text to the pdf in order to get a searchable pdf file.
Contains some Web IDL files of scraped specifications.


Fork of JMDodd's Unified Comment Notifications
FRC Team 2640 Labview Code
Sample app from Michael Hartl's Ruby On Rails Tutorial
Personal dotfiles


just to read code easily

First repository i create



Create simple node-webkit desktop applications without hassle. It isn't intented to replace big user interface frameworks but to make easier and quicker the creation process of small consistent cross-platform apps.
My dotfiles


This is sacred secret private stuff. I would be honored if you ask first or at least notify me.
My first attempt at a website. Starting from scratch html
A (basic) Polymer based arc layout web-component.

A set of python scripts to convert csv files from various financial institutions to qfx.
Hexo Source for

 Configurations of various applications (e.g. nginx, memcached, W3TC, etc.) on small vps server powering my wordpress site..
Compilation of school programming projects from 2014 onwards
Basic PHP Template For Iron Worker
a simple extendible text-editor that is open-source under the GPL2 licence

The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
A collection of free 3D printable designs.
A daily log file containing all tasks I've worked on professionally. 
A basic Grunt file which can be modified for any project
A small chrome extension to display and keep track of tabs count across all windows.
A small guide to help those looking to hire a developer or designer for iOS work. While tailored for iOS, many questions could be used for Android developers or designers as well. A great self-test if you're looking to keep current or practice for your ow





Custom Wordpress theme development for flyrbord.com
Weather Forecaster is a simple weather application I am creating following the trick and tips of the Sunchine Udacity application.Enjoy! :)
Test of a static Jekyll based site






Service Classifre for KDD's 99 Dataset, which split both training and test datasets based on service names on new files



Various configurations. Some need exposure to the internet for validation


My solutions for functional-javascript-workshop from nodeschool.io

Little repository to play with Git



my first jenkins testlink
My research project using dynamic oscillation model to detect overlapping community structure in complex networks.

Learning JPA/REST with Spring

learning meteor and getting used to Git

One canonicalizer to rule them all

Collection of useful classes

setting vpn and secure mail
STA313 Projects
An example theme to display Wundersite content
Java port of an old Amiga Basic program I typed in back in the 80's

My first repository on GitHub
My first steps in programming
A break from the MVC

My personal website v3.0

projects for this class




The Website
Machine Learning Explorations - A list of machine learning resources


A simple example to extend authentication plugin Revive Adserver
It's my personal portfolio site for GitHub
Floppy Bird, a sound-activated clone of Flappy Bird
just playing around

A repo for testing multiple forks in one jenkins job
FRC 2015 robototes robot code.


things I write that I use
Learning C++ by reading books (see list in README).
Notes on SF2: Hyper Fighting to potentially work on cps2
testing out the GitHub pages https://phlorianakos.github.io/hello_world
Test project as an introduction to C++ STL

This package is deprecated in favor of https://github.com/astronomerio/meteor-astronomer


DEPRECATED! USE MDCSS INSTEAD! PHP Styleguide.

Testing with My First Repo
Generates sample projects from a Github repository with some added user configuration
Manage personal projects and breathe life into them by dedicating your time.

Simple 3.3V power source for Raspberry Pi pheripherials. Power source can be switched on/off using one of Raspberry Pi GPIOs
Material to be distributed for AMath 574, Winter Quarter 2015 at the University of Washington
Dot files!
Repository for my personal docker containers.

Issues as the course mailing list for announcements

A dumping place for various fonts I decide to tinker with.


Generates sample projects from a Github repository with some added user configuration
All of my dotfiles




My solutions to DS and Algorithms in C++

Projet de stage 2014-2015 (Node.js)
My personal website 
Tutorial from - https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-real-time-scheduling-app-using-angularjs-and-firebase
Jackrabbit 2.9 with PostgreSQL example project
emacs 23 config


Just a rep-rap-fap test
practice stuff


Swing Application to manage books which is dedicated to my father.
All kind of test stuff
Basic project template for GAE webapp2 projects
A Team Fortress 2 territory control map.
You can report people for any reason you desire!


Node.js server for REST api to control my home automation project
Simple PHP class for fetching Twitter feeds.

Wedding Site for best friend
i'm not a robot but i have a mechanical hand (duh-nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh)


Code + Tutorials on computer science related topics. Hobby while in school studying CS, but may be informative to some...
Tracks UI navigation state for both button- and pointer-based devices.
Database System Projects for Spring 2013 at University at Buffalo
OpenUI5 App to control my home automation system


George Mason Speaker's Page
let's learn ruby!!!

Exercise files repo for the JavaScript from Scratch course on PluralSight 
Tidy datasets created from the Government of Canada's Open Data portal.
data visualization & representation, fordham college at lincoln center, fall 2015.
A very simple script that adds CR to hunks in a diff, so it can be applied using patch to files with CRLF line terminators 

hello world repository
test your uploads

Sample DebugDiag analysis rules - C# and Xaml
My Octopress blog
simple multicore raytracer demo based from raytracing code from scratchpixel
This demonstrates how you can use the Adapter pattern to have 2 or more different interfaces communicate with each other.
Team 1793 Robot Source Code for 2015 FRC Competition
Nothing much to see here... Experimenting with Atom, node.js 
Just learning for a personal project
Simple todo app made with angular on local storage.
Create a list of Software Engineering topics so that I can divide them among the 4 SE courses that we teach in our Software Development concentration.

Saving the raw files of my podcast to the web


Repo for Calvin College 2015 Interim course "Learning from Data"
Practice code in java and javascript

Project Files for CS_325 Fall 2014 OSU
Project Files 

Just another repository
A simple checkers webapp for learning git and how to make a python webapp
OWS API (WMS/WFS) benchmark and stress test

A catalog of the books available in the unofficial library at my university that I started.
Clone of the C++ bank app in C#
Winter 2015 session of ART341 at Portland State University
CSc460 project

Small Program that prints out all currently existing Com Ports with details
Simple file hash digests and file integrity checks
This is a test repository.
ultra-simple script to update Hombrew(apt-get for OS X)
Friendly fork of the GeneralUser GS soundfont. (FluidSynth version)
this is a test repo

A simple shell script for managing your forgettinGTD structure. For details see https://github.com/forget-it/forgettinGTD-cli/wiki
CS 271 Program files Fall 2013 OSU
Provides A Simple CloudFlare Module For Laravel 5


Sample Code 


For GitHub Pages
my personal website
Rust tutorial guessing game.
A POM with some common settings for Basis Technology open source components
Old and new java projects
This contains my Internet Draft template, Makefile, etc. It is the base of my drafts.
A collection of scripts used for a project.
A collection of sample projects using Spring Boot and Other Goodies 



Basic HTML using PHP test for Heroku
Programming practice
Just a testing repo.
Dimensions of various RC parts I've used for reference purposes
ruby course homework









Personal Website
Project 2 Front end dev. 
My personal website. Built with node.js, express.js, and bootstrap. Live at kazarin.me
An assignment from the first C++ course in the major. It's a linked list based file-comparison tool. See readme for more details.


A collection of CS/Software Engineering Projects created
BYU ECEn 360 Electromagnetics - Winter 2015
Random applications used for learning purposes

frontend-nanodegree-resume
Just an Experiment

Simple API Wrapper in Erlang based on tutorial: http://vimeo.com/59832641

Common R packages I like


the source code for my portfolio
Repository for all the projects made by Project G
Learning Python 1: Fibonacci
Python Projects

Azure Websites Deployment Demo

code samples from the book "JMX in Action"



Open Web Testing Project
BlackJack Game as final project in Intro to Ruby, Lesson 1
Project to setup an internship website for Green River.


A simple historical stock price plotter made with matplotlib library in Python. Can be run from command line.
A Simple Configuration File Parser in C++11
FRC Team 4911's code from the 2014 game Aerial Assist - Go to CompetitonRobot/src/org/usfirst/frc4911/CompetitionRobot for .java files

My Little Resume

My personal config for the Friendly Interactive Shell
Tests, schemas, and documentation for the Flow Base Programming Network Protocol
Demonstrates a Spring Boot web application with Thymeleaf.
Collection of configuration files git controlled for quick setup and propagation
Repository creation
I should make this into a generator of some kind
A list of mantras of technology companies
Chapter example for chapter 6 of Ionic in Action

Connect Four game written with partner during ICS 32 at UC Irvine/Simple Networking in Python


Simple header-only .ini parser written in C++

Challenging but I am just regular in JS.
This is a simple game I created using JavaScript to test the reaction time of clicking on a shape after it appears on the screen.
personal portfolio website
A copy of all posts that go on to the site (and drafts).
Boundaries is a small Corona SDK project showing how to calculate min/max visible X & Y values and actual screen dimensions
Django 1.7 Hacker News Clone
This sample shows you how to add a DebugSettings flyout into the SettingsPane when running under DEBUG in order to clear application data (local, roaming, temporary, local cache, local settings and roamign setting).


Sample FreeBSD kernel module: hello world
learn and test how to use git and github
Program for finding palindromes in a specified range in a specified positional numeral system by the radix (from 2 to 36).It was a school homework, done at night Jan 2-3, 2015.
Some Human lang design examples.
Postgresql vagrant configuration for hot standby, backup and cloning
git in practice
Play 2 Java Tutorial


mandatory first proj
Simple example of a UIPageViewController tutorial screen written in Swift.  
Simple implementation of a crit-bit tree in C

Documentation site and example code for using the TwitterOAuth library.
2015 FRC robot code for team 2412, the Robototes.
Android Flickr Browser from the Udemy course




Github mirror of MediaWiki extension SemanticForms - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)

my awesome wm config

 Learning WebGL Lesson 3 converted from vanilla WebGL to use stack.gl.

Playing around with React and Material Design
A simple recreation of the iOS toggle switch using CSS
 :school: NMCT BA Project
Practice repository for Udacity course 'How to Use Git and GitHub'

code of my portfolio site http://dominikschreiber.com



Browser-based Breakout clone with fast 3d graphics and a unique design
mirror of the official releases

Demonstration of null object pattern for presentation
2015 FIRST Robotics Robot Code. 
Version UTF-8 de fab

Translation project and CodeCharge Studio IDE.
A simple iOS app that plays a random sound every time the phone is shaken, made as part of an iOS course I took.
My entry for the UTGDDC GMD 2015
Formal executable specification for the Rip programming language
An online platform for learning New Testament Greek
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A free software educational application for training elementary school students into basic arithmetic operations
Provides some basic classes to describe the structure of a software project.
Simple game of Connect Four in javascript using the Canvas API.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Demos of all kinds
An example of using ReactJS with Rails using the classic fizzbuzz app
My personal page
"First Head: Design Patterns" book training source files
Oxwall plugin, this plugin powers up basic Oxwall video plugin with useful tweaks
Copy of wkhtmltopdf-amd64 binary
[DS @ FMI] A custom FileSystem project for the Data Structures course.
My first foray into C++ programming

UpAndRunning is a lightweight Node.js application which monitors all of your websites for availability and offers a simple JSON-API.
A mirror of the openssd project
GitHub user page
Simple Java Swing Program for running your HQL and SQL Queries.
Authentication demo for Android clients
Password module used in the auth-client-demo
Authentication library used in the auth-client-demo
 Basic functions for handling mime-types in Erlang, JavaScript, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby, Java
Project Euler problems solved in Python/Haskell.
A list of stupid and useless examples using doctrine2
First test project on github :)
\N
NetHack 4 is an open, community-maintained version of the classic roguelike game NetHack.  This is my working repo for contributing to it.  (If you are looking for the official NH4 repository, see nethack4.org.)
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/wminet
a university course evaluation system written in Python using Django
We are MOVING to a new repo at https://github.com/octothemes/classic-dark

a personal project
Math Quiz is a simple fun game for those who want to improve their Math skills. This application is targeted to toddlers, babies, young people and those who want to try it out. As of now, this project is just simple but with everybody's collaboration, thi
Experiments in node.js by writing a simple scraper. 
SivaLabs: A project for my personal use.
A Java helper library I developed to help me in my various personal projects.
some config files in my home directory, like as ".gitconfig", ".bashrc", ".vimrc", etc.
A very small danbooru style image gallery.


Simple web problem that reads RSS feeds and combines them into one RSS feed. Also supports simple HTML rendering of the generated RSS feed.
 A simple tool for storing your Instapaper articles offline in PDF written in Bash. 
DEPRECATED: See scireum/sirius




Parent repository

A small sample application showing two different architectures: multi-layer vs flow-design.
A simple CMS powered by Google Drive (PHP version)
Random text generation using ngram probabilities
Image Picker is a simple jQuery plugin that transforms a select element into a more user friendly graphical interface.
A Hailboards 2.0 Theme for phpBB3
collection of small scripts or how-tos that don't fall under a separate project
The backup repository for the Lootsie Website
Fork of the Fung Institute up-to-date version of the Fleming disambiguation engine


Collection of useful ruby code snippets
Work in progress. Cheers.
An example of implementation of a Module Pattern of Javascript. Leave some comments or questions.
DEPRECATED Transparency Camp by Sunlight Foundation XXX

Bundle for the Doctrine OXM project (deprecated) - use https://github.com/doctrine/DoctrineOXMBundle

Mako based template preproccessor to produce html5boilerplate compliant templates, also includes some small asset management functionality.
This repository contains the fonts created by me.
Deprecated: look at sharadmv/quizbowl
Testes com CSS3 para simular no browser algo parecido com o app Flipboard
Simple sinatra site with a script to check if the Bing API is functioning properly
Dummy repo with a redirect to new home for the original project.
Configuration files for tools I use (e.g. vim).
A demo Facebook connect application using the MultiPass library made w/ the Silex micro-framework.
A grails (grails.org) based demo agent for the PowerTAC competiton.
HTML and jQuery example of creating an auto save method.
testing, will be removed in a moment
Simple SAML IDP server for testing

[DEPRECATED] Fun, fast, secure web development on top of Clojure/Ring
Flask using Github's gist as blog data store
simple ToDo list using node.js and MongoDB
Copy of @thomasdavis / backbonetutorials / modular-backbone-updated example with Twitter's bootstrap
An example of how to integrate a blog with a Rails 3 site using the native RSS module. 
A simple little plugin to add the 'view' data binding to knockout
MIUI v4 Russian Translation
mirror github / launchpad projects


Small example testing associations in Rails
MOVED TO https://bitbucket.org/acoustid/musicbrainz-acoustid
(Deprecated) ElggCollection API
A couple of simple helper classes to help in writing RESTful PHP Libraries.
Swedish translation for the upcoming 2.2 release of Processwire with multi-language support.
microDuke is a simple, standalone, multi-threaded, small web server written in Java.
Database School Project
my dotfiles, tons of customizations that maximizes *nix lazing around
create a static HTML copy of a tumblr blog
A fork (from sourceforge svn) of Batuhan Bozkurt's patching interface for SuperCollider
Small TCP benchmarking tool in Go-lang
This example codes show you how to add 'do not backup' attribute to your files and directory.
A simple Ruby script to backup the entirety of a GitHub project to a local folder.
Web pages and other files for UW program in Python Programming
Personal development tree for gnome-settings-daemon

Assignments and other work for UW course, Internet Programming in Python
This is the the code and class notes to my Python and R course taught in the Winter Session of 2012..
PHP wrapper class for simple interaction with SQL-based relation databases (MySQL,SQLite3,PostgreSQL)
Computer Science Testing System written for the University of Winnipeg
Presentation on Rails 3 introduction
A simple Ruby DNS server for EventMachine
A small command-line python script that creates a local backup of your Flickr data.  It mirrors images, titles, description, tags, albums and collections.
My ad-hoc ruby, awk and shell scripts 
Simple I18n support for meteor
Create simple editable CMS content blocks in node.js. Wrapper for Create.js CMS framework.
My .vim
A lightweight, simple to use camera system for your CoronaSDK project.
A simple, extensible validation library for PHP with support for filtering and validating any input array along with generating client side validation code.

A MultiWorld/MultiCurrency economy plugin for Craftbukkit * DEPRECATED. Go in http://github.com/greatman/Craftconomy3 *


Coursera "Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Part 2" programming assignments
my dotfiles
Some environment stuff: vim settings, bash settings, git settings etc
Square-Beam-KDE icon theme for linux distribution with more than 30.000 icons included
Simple Graphical Java tool to start Rackspace Next Gen / OpenStack Cloud Servers in Shutoff state
Small dropin library to translate utf8-strings into offsets in glyph-table.


This repo contains a first Demo for hands on  seminary
my dotfiles
Some prime extensions I use
\N
Therse are programs that I made in granpark.rb
Using OpenSim and Second Life open source software as crutches while we write sane replacements.
Simple BerkleyDB-based  WEB-interface 
Code for Coursera's Computing for Data Analysis course 

code I write while learning ruby
Dotfiles
incubator of new projects, some concept proves and tests
All the standard dotfiles I use
A simple SQL-based queue for Rhino.ServiceBus
Blog
An experiment to standardize individual donor names in campaign finance data using simple graph theory and machine learning.
a repo to practice some php skills
Testing
Sample repo for testing our options
my test repo
RETIRED - Simple cloud server control - Java version

New-Style 6.006 Problem Sets
my own fork version of libnetfilter_queue.
\N
test for GitHub practice


Here are some Unity3DDemos
web page about the author
Scripts both written by myself and stolen from others. In 'dev' branch, lots of scripts are directly from others without any modification by me. I include them just for my convenience.
Collection of files I need publicly uploaded.

Personal Pages
[DEPRECATED] A simple Android background service that keeps your GPS online for some specified amount of time.
GUI Samples with JSF, Richfaces, JQuery, CSS3, etc.

ps3 game translation team
A simple facebook library in Go
My attempt to create a mojo extractor based on the scaladoc tool

Info about me and links to my projects

User settings backup
dot files
Add simple configuration to any ruby class or module
A collection of practice exams for Freshman level Computer Science exams at RIT.
This is a `git svn` mirror of the now dead Eternity SVN repository.  For more active development, please see team-eternity/eternity.
A completely barebones theme for Cotonti Siena to provide you something to build on!
Config files for a riced up Arch setup.
This is a code storage of ATF tools learning group.
Modified version of Zend. In the future, this repo should go away and be a fork of Zend.
Good example of successful text editing
Shell and Editor configuration files

Blog
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
dotfiles
my personal blog
Testing Validity of a cross

overleap.js is a small JavaScript library to add blank space at the bottom of a webpage. With overleap.js, your visitors can scroll/page your website in a more native way.
Sample project of saga in masstransit using rabbitmq
A small, simple Windows Twitter client built using WPF
Powershell tool to watch directory changes and autocommit them to local git repository.
various configuration files that are used day-to-day bettering the throughput
My google codejam solutions.
My first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Simple backup utility
Simple Script for grabbing Les Lindarets webcam history pics
Jonathan Rascher's resume
Intro to jQuery presentation
An old-school sample HTML text generator
A demo iPad app to showcase retail-specific features.
My *nix Dot Files
small code snippets
A simple blog using Octopress
A test perl code base for evaluating git
An application that helps you to choice the best move in the game of scrabble
Exploring node.js with the goal of creating a simple chat server
A copy of my bash profile for anyone who cares to take a look
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application

My tumblr theme.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application
Impulse is a small, dynamic object-oriented language that aims to have simple syntax and semantics. It also aims to be lightweight, reflective and open, and easily embeddable.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
mirror of my personal haskell configuration, managed using vcsh and mr
my music studio config files

Html Guide for the "Chaos macht Schule"-Project in DD, Germany
A collection of weird iOS bugs
Test Driven JavaScript
vim setting & plugins
Light colorscheme for GUI Vim
My experimental fork of GPSEE
A collection of bash scripts that ease the use of screen sharing through SSH
University Work
Just a personnal pages space

practice
Gnome 2 themes
Emacs epackage extension's Yellow Pages (packages' sources list)

Small helper script for importing MySQL databases.
university project

A mobile first, fluid grid framework
A PhoneGap demo app for conference
collection of programming puzzle I solved/tried to solved.
Very very small website, chooses random urls in an iframe
oh-my-zsh customziation
Work through a book to learn basics of Ruby.
Some HTML snippets, boilerplate etc. used by me / Valued Standards
a collection of useful ressources to start a new website from
An example of an offline HTML application
Demo blog de Ruby on rails
A super simple web app that removes non-ASCII chars from pasted text. Written in Clojure/Noir.
Testowa aplikacja dla Ruby on Rails
rails installer demo


nodejs dependency testing
Personal Web Site
Repository used to store Python codes.
A fork of Test::NoBreakpoints (v0.13)
copy of sources in Test-Driven Javascript Development written by Christian Johansen
My dotfiles
Custom theme for Tumblr
Simple java application for tracking your gym results.
My dotfiles
A simple java app that gets the most recent exchange rates for TRY from TCMB 

My ArmA missions
DEPRECATED - Follow Link for New Project
RonR Tutorial
The first app for Ruby on Rails tutorial
My coin collection by nanoc framework

Meet Vertexer, a simple 3D grid with which you can place paths in: 3D. Vertexer has vim-like controls and functionality. It also includes a library to generate POV-Ray files.
An example of how you can use domain objects with Vaadin

The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial 
zsh conf using zsh-git as a submodule, and more conf
The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
This app is only a shortcut to your basecamp classic account. (Google Chrome Extension)
My zshrc and associated files, to be shared across multiple machines.
first RoR app
A collection of Builder pattern related tools

Collection of R code and recipes

Vim package, including vim config file and plugins
Research project for University
A rack app to lazily mirror rubygems infrastructure
personal blog + website written with flask
PHP Code Obfuscater

Mere rails tuts

A small Google Chrome extension that prepends the week number to each calendar row.
Proprietary files for ZTE Blade
two cloned project from google
My Vim Stuff
A configuration set created for users new to FreeSWITCH. It doesn't expose what FreeSWITCH is truly capable of, but I hope new users won't get scared with this configuration set.

just a simple paperclip use example with rails3
My .janus dir, containing vim config and plugins in addition to janus vim distro
A simple text-based adventure game. A Practice lisp program.
FastDB is a single PHP navigation script for Fast and Simple MySQL and PostgreSQL databases.
snippet code, useful code, best practice code, good structure and examples

A core set of python classes to do time-step simulations
Sample Rails App
collection of php Files used (outside of framework) that I can use in teeny-tiny projects
Basic User Api example Really old, don't touch this, it won't work with the current API
My ubuntu config settings that I usually use setting up a new vm or machine
My solutions to Project Euler problems in Lisp and Haskell (for learning purposes)
the source of my website elasticdog.com
I wonder how many RoR Tutorial first_apps are on here
A collection of Flash Card Decks for use with the Anki SRS system
My external brain on zen and git
example of google javascript api
My CV/Resume and its LaTeX template
my dotfiles
Simple perlin noise implementation (1D)
A fork of http://www.devbridge.com/projects/autocomplete/jquery/. Added a callback function after each ajax call completes.
simple download accelerator/splitter written in c

*deprecated* My MacPorts
Economy plugin for tracking market prices and setting server store prices
Mini web app to make icalendar files of course schedules at Queen's University.
A super simple mock for testing new monitoring concepts.
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
PIT mutation testing tool with TestNG
Easy way to manage one or more Resque processes during testing
University project writen in C#
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Ruby in Rails sample application
It's my first node.js project. We will see what it becomes...
Seven languages in seven weeks projects
Michael Hertl's rails tutorial
A small parser of "TODO"-like statements in source code.
Fork of TinyRadius - a Java-based Radius server library

PHP Test Test Program

.vimrc file
rails installer demo

Scripts for installing Node.js on different platforms
Tool to publish posts on a Wordpress blog from the command line.
API documentation for spinoff
A simple script to create a simple mailing list from a gmail account
my dotfiles
Pulling from https://github.com/mapbox/carto/tree/master/build/vim-carto
just for test
Rails Tutorial, sample app
Projeto de git do custo on-line
My linux config files
Learning to use KML and Google Maps
My config files in home dir
theme template of my blog built upon emlog. 


Clone of forum.pravda.com.ua

Enables user friendly and powerful front end testing of web applications with minimum required effort to implement.
A collection of simple app examples for iOS 4
New sample application from tutorial book
simple logger for python but with new approach for logging per module
Efficient Vim
school.hh.ru-java-stdlib translation to Python.
Open science notebook blog
Add some additional filtering to calendar on My Page
Vim command to open a file anywhere on the system with just a few hints
A personal project using OpenGL
Some of my auxiliary mathematical libraries
Practicing making a slider control w/ html/css and pure js
A small commandline program to search the occurrence and cooccurence of words in a given file.
Sources from the tutorial "create an facebook Tab app"
Ruby on Rails tutorial demo application
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample_app
a rails sample app
This is a demo I used in my talk at SenchaCon 2011. It's a Sencha Touch application (for iPhone) that uses PhoneGap to cache data using CoreData.
My config files

Site covering HTML/Javascript banner to blackout any website.
Rails Demo Project
Sample repo to demonstrate possible bug in Clojure protocols
The first app for  ruby on rails project
Google Reader clone with pluggable sharing and favorites
My resume in Latex
Iuid a simple uid generator and storage
My dot files.
GitHub clone for Digaboard to apply some small fixes


Programmatically generate documentation for your Puppet Modules
Git tutorial

Kodak image sensor component with sensor driver, sensor control and basic image processing
This is a practice repo since I am new to all this
my Sublime Text Settings
A git mirror of ctms-common's canonical subversion repository
Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application
A Small Ruby Image Library
This is the notes I created for learning git from trainings etc
Blog
Download and makeup program guides of a few channels for the next week
DEPRECATED since 5.4.2. Nuxeo Platform High Availability


My own CSS base when starting a new project
php code
School papers


Simple Git

Modified version of Arclight theme for MythTV

Blur content on the page to quickly gauge proximity and alignment
Contains javascript file to be included in your webpage where dynamic element is being created. It has a function which does it all.

Simple OSX LaunchAgent to automatically set the Location based on a wireless SSID

\N

Temporary repository for new code related to goamz (launchpad)
The Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application
A simple python applet for mate-panel
Java stuff

bash scripts
Simple example of using the Graph API on the server side with PHP for Pluralsight
Some scripts I'm making in PHP to solve number theory problems.  They'll be linked together on my website.
A place where Gran Turismo players can share settings and events
Ruby on Rails tutorial first application
some Python projects I am writing to learn Python based off Marty Stepp's 143 Python lectures and assignments.
Ruby on Rails tutorial Demo Application
Nginx config files for Dahnielson.com

 BXR is an open source, ruby on rails file management system.

An Implementation for a simple educational system using java, intended to contain all major concepts and techniques in the language. This is originally a homework for third year students in Damascus University.

A bejeweled clone with an AI to play it
Rails Tutorial Sample App Second Try
Demo Application for Devise Presentation
This is a project for small markets and simple users without PC experiance
simple programming language written in Java
Todo Project Manager, used for my diploma thesis
A simple algebraic computation system written in F#.
Zelda clone
Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application
\N
Rails learning using tdd
Collection of plugins to use with the goomba stomp one.
A skeleton rails app with basic user authentication and pages
A pong clone written in C++ using OpenGL


A simple web application to choose pizzas by toppings
Code. Creating backup and version controlling it across branches. Pushing to work across machines. 
Learning to code Python the hard way examples. Allowing me to practice from work or home. =)
Personal Website

Tattletale Example App
The itunes store search api states that large applications should use cache architecture.  This is my simple implementation of one such server using mongodb and node.js

Main documentation for Participant Scheduling System


Web app for managing files on my server

MIUI v4 Ukraine Translation
Fork to bring patches to utidylib project that has been inactive for 7 years
Sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Basic CRM/Intranet system
This is a tutorial for beginners learning CoffeeScript.
PFC documentation
\N
The source code of my personal page

Beginning iOS Development Projects
Backup scripts for Linux using rsync
Attempt to create simple android application for taking picture of 3d object

My collection of 'dotfiles'
Battlegrounds for mozilla.com work (mirror of http://svn.mozilla.org/projects/mozilla.com/)
iOS App
Documentation for the Grid'5000 API
repository progetti android
A simple NER component that uses prefix-tree to build the recognition dictionary.
simple script to generate an ical/ics file of road cyling events in 2012 
My vim config

private stuff for test, temp storage
My VIM dot files
Making markdown text files pretty. This is pretty much a clone of https://github.com/sanand0/markdress so the credit should go to him. I was surprised at how easy it was to implement in node.
My dotfiles
the first app for ruby on rails tutorial
Keeps dot files under version control
Provides user authentication with Google, Facebook, Twitter, Yahoo and LinkedIn via OAuth or OAuth2 as well as multifactor authentication with Google Authenticator
My solutions to 99 problems in haskell and clojure

Fit reinforcement learning models to behavioral data
Ruby on Rials Tutorial Demo Application

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
My personnal .dotfiles and other config stuff.

Used for exploring the use of Clojure for developing Android applications
\N


Backup documents stored on www.e-boks.dk

personal twit backup website
Small hex-based strategy game
my dot files
Large file storage with Git
My emacs config
Fills in html forms with default values and errors a la htmlfill for Python
This is jquery HTML5 Uploader with progressbar, Drag&drop
Fork of http://www.technipelago.se/content/technipelago/blog/44
fork of master branch from git://slackbuilds.org/slackbuilds.git (read more on wiki). If you want to fork do it only with master (the other branches are temporary and are always rebased on master). alternative interface http://cgit.ponce.cc/slackbuilds/
A collection of short programs that demonstrate some basic functionality
A simple chess game. I built this mostly to get familiar with the D3 graphics library. A demo is online at jake-chess.herokuapp.com
Bootstrap (Initializr version) with basic PHP view routing.
A simple 404 page that uses the URI as input to generate a 404 message.
Libraries for Qpid C++ client applications
a collection of text shotcuts for tech industry stock quotes, with a focus on Asia.
set of scripts to install development software on to a vanilla Ubuntu installation
Core repository for Backbone Boilerplate.
just a simple blog with translations for the django-cms

Some general facts in mathematics.
Mentees will fork this repository and submit pull requests when they need help.
My Vim Settings
Simplistic memory-only sync adapter for Backbone. It's a drop-in replacement for Backbone.Sync() to handle saving to memory.  Use for testing or volatile data that need no persistence.
\N
Unofficial Git mirror of @ianawhois

Github mirror of MediaWiki extension CategorySortHeaders - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)
A collection of config files I'd like to keep in sync
Polyfills forEach for ES6 Map and Set
This repo has moved to https://github.com/projectbismark/bismark-packages
My dotfiles et al
Jekyll source for my personal blog
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Just for messing around and learning
Bootstrapped WordPress Theme
Defines of the java-api-complete.vim for android.
Internet Ptogramming project 2013
My solutions to The Linux Programming Interface Exercises
TurtleBot Documentation for ROS Groovy
Github decoration. Just for fun
Custom Config
My notes and code backup chrome web application
A small collaboration with users of http://codegolf.stackexchange.com.
A personal Java swing variation of the popular card game 21
my dotfiles
Fork of http://code.google.com/p/throttled-smtp-appender/ but with threadsafety bugs fixed
Personal Vim plugin extension
Perl Script - A quick little perl backup wrapper for s3cmd sync
A demo app created in 2008 on the Android 1.x SDK to test/demonstrate the built-in accelerometer in a T-Mobile G1 phone. Detects when the phone is dropped and plays an "ahhhh" scream sound. When free-fall stops, it plays a "phew" sound. Should work on lat
Directory structure and template files for starting a new WordPress theme or child theme.
Front-end Web Development Project 2: Online Resume
openmoko u-boot fork with support for iPAQ h1940 and rx1950
Dana's dotfiles.

Startup theme for WordPress projects
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/cluster-cloc
My dot files
Project 3: Classic Arcade Game clone
A clone of the javaparser project, since that seemed dead. All submitted patches are accepted.
An example of how to use your finger to blur some parts of an UIImage


A Fake Android Camera That Generates Images Algorthimically

A simple OS that is built from scratch
Unofficial mirror of hg.libsdl.org/SDL_mixer. Updated daily.

Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/runexe

Custom github pages for Windgazer
A collection of scripts and configurations to customize the bash environment.
basicqtskills-Lodifice created by Classroom for GitHub

fork joomla for testing purpose



Google App Engine Buildout Demo
My personal website

Small library to copy images from a remove host to local mashine.
Personal Website

First Node module
This is my client research.

Steven BLOG
This is a required repository for the Launch School curriculum. It is intended to be a repo to store your solutions to chapter exercises to show the TA's during assessments.

Files used in atom video
practicing git of codeschoool
Personal todo list.
my personal website

Belated attempt to solve Advent of Code 2015

The Odin Project practice: http://www.theodinproject.com/ruby-programming/data-structures-and-algorithms?ref=lnav
Documentation sur AVR_Atmel (Wiring/arduino)
test
IPTV Test
Set of resources for Sketch
This is a template for README.md files for projects.
This is a test to check the CD setting in Azure from GitHub
my test project
My resume
Example code how to connect LDAP server and perform search operation
Modified Kr Sphinx doc theme
A Project From Things Learned From Chrome Dev Summit 2015

This is a easy simple way to start any react projects or playgrounds. Just follow the README.md and enjoy
A PHP implementation of CoinPayments API wrapped up into a simple to use class.
HomePage For My Portfolio And Work.
A simple Rails Repository pattern implementation
A simple site to manage hearthstone decks and search for cards

just trying out

Ansible Playbooks for packaging software and uploading to my packagecloud.io tools repo
An example React application (with test)
A simple interactive text-based assistant to demonstrate common API uses.
PyVyM - A simple Python Virtual Machine
This repo contains an iPython notebook which generates PDF pages of small labels for pinned insect specimens from data stored in an iNaturalist project.

Demo for the <ng2-markdown> component
A repository used to hold the files I've put together for updating firmware of a Neato XV Rev 113/Cruz board


this is my attempt to redesign the existing homepage for placesbrands dot com and make it responsive
Collection of Powershell Code - most in development

I'm creating an overhead 2D Adventure game as a learning process
The source environment for my HHVM vagrant box on Atlas
I've created this repository to experiment with Git -- no useful content is included in this repository.

Final Project for UC Berkeley iOS Development Class

Cs229 and CS221 project, Stanford, 2015
My first repository on GitHub 
my vimrc file 

My page
Yet another react components pack
A respository for learning git.
Second version of my personal portfolio site

site wordpress


Adventures with docker 2
Tiny peg list

For learning and other random things.

A simple script to keep the Ninux MapServer updated even if your local area is disconnected from the rest of the WCN
Just for practice

The first Try

My first repository on GitHub.

A translation of Apple's sample code PocketCoreImage into Swift

programming problems/contests code
This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.

Programs found in "Playing C#" book
Learning android studio and git
First app we built for iOS course on Udemy
A simple chat room application using socket

random tidbits as i work through perl6intro's syntax & features intro
copy paste to new comps for env on terminal sheel
Part of The Odin Project. The "Building Blocks Project" in the "Basic Ruby" section of "Ruby Programming."  
For practice, I created this subscription-based Ruby on Rails web application utilizing ecommerce and software as a service models.



Learning Unity


Multipart resume site
Basic web server for Nicco's temperature gauge project.

following the git hub demo on udemy

Small Javascript checkers game
Tutorial using system time and real time 3D object manipulation
A personal clone of the HLStats project source code. Use the `1.65` tag for the last stable release.

Test repository

practice repository
my own dotfiles 
This is my blog
"Fork me on GitHub" CSS ribbon Assets for Yii Framework 2.
Clone of Ahmia search engine



Simple way to chart json data!
Personal Blog
Homework Project
Documentation repo for Zhibaihe packages.
This assignment is designed to demonstrate your understanding of VB multiple forms
A script made up of the work of several different minds used to read a .csv file to SSH into Cisco IOS devices and tftp their configs to a remote server. Requires PyCrypto, Paramiko, and Python 3. With some small modifications can be used to fully automat

Algorithm work
2016-1-2, token will expire 120 months, fetch-youbike-to-firebase
personal .dotfiles and scripts
This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.
Test / Learn React Redux trying to implement a game.

A terminal session with the host running SPJS. As of version 1.87 of SPJS you can send/receive basic terminal commands to host operating system. This widget is a front-end UI for the terminal from ChiliPeppr.

Simple Delphi IDE Tool to convert list of fields to properties via clipboard


My first attempt at React Native. A simple guessing game using the Etsy API.
Portfolio website.
This repo will contain information on the process of doing data science; it is primarily gauged at people new to data science.


profile and dot files for linux
My personal blog
Trying a Stanford course out. http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs106a/index.html
A short, simple python script to initiate a scan of the North Korean internet.



Developer documentation for Integratingfactor.com


Project of Alura Spring MVC course



Huttcross app!
Netease SmartSpec Course JavaWeb Engineer
Google Homepage Clone
Just another repository

To Do List example in Swift language
source code for my personal blog
repo that contains C projects that I've worked on
Testing git working
Simple follow-along repo for a udacity.com course on git
A translation of Apple's sample code HeadsUpUI into Swift

A trial during my ios course 
basic AngularJS seed app for use with AT&T Drive UI Kit

Learning Go Web Development - Examples and Datasets
Dota2 cfg config
new start

basic settings
personal solutions for Advent Of Code 2015

A simple podcast system made with Rails.

like: `Either<Option<T>,Error>>`, the type of data in finite streams, amongst other things

Demo app rendering react on the server
first rails app for udemy course
My files for the course "Front-End JavaScript Frameworks: AngularJS" on Coursera.

Script Files
For proposed Node.js Testing Working Group. Hopefully can be moved to nodejs org before too long...
Normal the rasppi setting and config 
Code of the paper "Learning Super Shared Middle-level Image Representation for Scene Classification"


Personal website template


hare u can get all the project file of php tutorials series in hindi
this is a git test repository

This is the repository for C# learning project
Is there any open source project to do? call me!

:octocat:This a personal blogs powered by GitHub which is the freest place to share views and make notes for any programmer!
test code of customer register and staff list, ect by phpand Mysql
my first GITHUB Web Application
repo for all of my code
Java game. Created to practice project development, OOP principles, etc
My portfolio page v2
Very simple C# 6.0 console application to merge all MP3 files within a directory into a MP3 file with the same name.
Example of web server node.js
A simple but ultra fast wordpress cache plugin.
An app that runs jmeter scripts programatically created for demonstration purpose. 
Education Projects
test


Small useful scripts to not lose them

Some documentation for modding Duck Game.
material reddit clone

A simple and static hashtable library in c

A fairy generic SOAP Service and Client with a handlers used for the authentication process (on both sides). Avoid using a database to keep it simple.
New Repo


Online backup datastore of all my programs. Feel free to rummage through :)
Will run all test files (minitest) in a test folder if run from directory root

Solving Advent of Code 2015 in Ruby
pyalgo contains a collection of useful algorithms written in python.

Just generate the organization's logo in SVG format
Solution to hackerrank programming questions -> PHP
A basic site layout with the Susy engine

Ansible playbook for setting up a Linux dev machine for web development



A simple form validation using Angula.JS
Simple voting app created as part of FreeCodeCamp course.
this is my first depoistory
Vagrant Lamp stack for project work
A responsive resume
learning the basics of npm
test git

In this repository have only html and css files for login, sign up and a Chating Form..
Dockerfile to create a light sabnzbd image
Basic Numeric Operations and Functions for Swift (Based on Accelerate Framework)

Config files for sfo1.kida.io

Nyaa personal site.
A sample flask blog
Simple SPA example with Rails+Redux+React+Router+Webpack
My portfolio I created for Treehouse's web design track.



cdnjs/cdnjs main repository analytics

prjects of our labs in Buaa University



The solution for an assignment in course - "Timekla tehnologijas 2"
A repo for testing webhooks

Simple and easy way to deal with CoordinatorLayout Behavior


Weblog with personal ramblings of Dolf Andringa, and ecologist, web developer and scientist. The website runs on Jekyll at github pages.

Basic
web site project repository


Github mirror of "mediawiki/extensions/SpellingDictionary" - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)
C# Style Guide

My solutions for LeetCode problems
My own self blog and content for your Data Analytics Learning




The simple but versatile Text Reader for UWP
A virtual playground to start projects.
My own self blog and content for your Data Analytics Learning
A simple repository


Basic library book reservation system.

Some things about learning Chrome Extensions.
spring-security-with-boot-example

Sample Django project using Visual Studio 2015 and Google App Engine SDK

Simple example for socket.io library


this is just for test


Udacity Android Developer Project 1+2 (Popular Movies)

For the deepstream / Amazon Web Services Simple Notification Service Tutorial
Simple website for Digital Marketing agency, used only CSS3 and HTML5.

Sample applications for my blog
A Sample of GitHub used for storing Student work
A blog-building tutorial from "The Complete Ruby on Rails Developer Course Udemy"
This is a new seas project app created during Ruby on Rails course

Zheng's blog created by Hexo
A simple Resume Template
Here I will commit c++ coding practice things

Example of conversion of bundled iconfont SVG <font-face> <glyph>s to separate SVG <path>s.

My personal vim setup


NEW SIMPSONS
Eloquent Java Script Exercises
my website
Google clound messaging with Chrome - Notification demo

React Sample Apps

Detecting communities in Facebook ego-networks - Project for the "Statistical Analysis of Network Data" course by Eric Kolaczyk at ENSAE ParisTech (visiting professor from Boston University)


Simple App using Flux Architecture and React (ES5)



A small utility to add battery status and git status in zsh prompt


My Resume
A simple initial cookbook for testing chef functionalities

My own Repo for very strange and chujowy projects
a exercise of ftp server and client program
.files for vim, zsh, tmux and git
My own shell theme, crafted with :heart:
some algorithms for solving math problems in https://projecteuler.net/
A simple Java program that calculates Pi using the Monte Carlo method





Small script that allows you to download movies from the ard mediathek based on the video url
nothing at all


Rails application - practice: adding pages, routes, and bootstrap.
Simple guide explaining how to generate a h.248/megaco parser


A simple Java app to keep all places you visit I made when I started to learn to code for Android and I have refactored with Eclipse refactoring tools.
My code for Algorithmic Thinking course, Rice University @ Coursera
for my practice
just the demo code with the 32C3 logo

I learn CS2020 from 2/1/2016
Docker Nginx Test.
Github-Repo for my personal website
Making the Demo from Video "Mastering Git" PACKT


Learn python, sample, book
Simple rest client python class

Track your progress

Assets used for golang meetups
Sample logic programs using C#
This is a sample on Backtory's back-end as a service product for Unity.


Udemy React Tutorial

A mod that offers a base for building fastest like maps.
My Cucumber Selenium example


Simple app (15KB) to launch Storage Settings directly from the apps drawer

Demo application for disruptor-net

First repository on github
This is a small class that allows you to decode the Google Polyline Format.
Boilerplate for Webapp projects including Node, MongoDB, Express, Jade, SASS, Gulp tasks and BrowserSync.
CSC253 "Computer Graphics" Course Project.... Using GLFW GLEW
A sudoku solver (just for fun)
Example of how to render modal window with React.js.
Learning Git-Hub
my firs repository
All of the projects I've done in previous courses
boostrap 3 template

php
Practice simple JavaSciprt
A hello world example for pygame. The game displays a box that can be moved around with arrow keys.

My express.js web application based on rouxmeet example.
Personal Website fuad-ainun.ga, @Fuad_Ainun
Open source and properly licensed code for the Digilent Nexys 4 DDR peripherals
Repository for a project implementing the SIP stack for online communications. Being the 3rd laboratory project for course M7021E at the Lulea University of Technology, Sweden

personal website using Keystone.js ( nunjucks + stylus + gulp )


A set of scripts that I maintain and use on my systems.  You mgiht find them useful too.
My first repository on GitHub.
Web project structure for beginner
placement task for android dev course 

test

Personal Website
Sample usage of recyclerview http://coderscafe.net/how-to-use-recyclerview/
A simple book manager android app (Udacity Nanodegree exercise)
Set-top-box Data
Full website example.

A simple web front-end providing read-only access to download .zip files of projects
testing
A learning all about Lumen project for tracking personal expenses.

R Course - Program Assignment 3
Une demo de git

practice with peer programming. (Worked with Ben)

Upload data master
vm,Cloud,storage




This is my first time to use GitHub,so I creat a test repository
A page about me
origin backup covers
A small discord bot

example phone gap
Coursera - Exploratory Data Analysis - Course Project 2
A simple ecommerce website created with PHP and Python. Currently under Development
my-vim setting

Treehouse tech degree Project 2
Practice files related to my study of "The C Programming Language"
A simple C# application to verify who unfollowed you. Learning purpose only.
To work through the tutorial
A personal finance categorizer in Javascript.
School
Just a small unity project with no real purpose but testing stuff
first github repository

tutorial



learning github
takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website

Simple android project to manage my hours at work
Stopwords collection of Bahasa Indonesia collected from many sources.

C language project using OpenGL graphics library

The first tutorial of Angular2 Beta using Visual Studio


Life is not what you have gained but what you have done!

My first java script ive made ;)

A Sonic Pi implementation of Steve Reich's Piano Phase

Cellular Mathematical Biology Reading Course

Private school project/assignment
A development environment sample for WebPack's Hot Module Replacement with Babel, React, and Sass
fork of Berkely Snap



Add first implementation.

Will be a clone of the original Boulder Dash game




An instant messaging app created in Meteor for a Coursera course.
Simple chat application referenced from official web site

My version of the Javascript Chess Engine, created from watching video series provided by http://www.bluefever.net/Chess/index.html
chunks of code from my Data Science Projects...
This is the demo of isomorphic webapp using React + NodeJS

Example Scala programs demonstrating the use of different monads to query and work with the github api.

pimp my vim
All the small (may be non userful ;-) ) automating scripts or programs that I made.
This is the test website for my blog




One Month Rails


repo for demo in SP


Android app made for course DAVE3600 @ HiOA (2015)

Web object inspector used to automate testing software with Selenium 
The purpose of this program is to demonstrate the functionality of (LRU) cache memory.
General Assembly - Learning Java
Simple vanilla JS script to simulate text typewriting effect.
hello world git!!

Simple infrastructure to create, run and analyze tests which have measurable output
My first repository

A simple flight tracking app for the beagle bone black (embedded linux). This is a study project.

Grails sample REST API for cube and its contents

my test file

Stockmarket demo app build with ionic framework and firebase

course project for shaniu




Fork of the espruino MQTT module
Our first repository
Irish School transitions as Sankey Diagrams
Files for the REACH High Spring 2016 course: Intro to Web Design Using Bootstrap
A sample repo for use in creating new storage modules for Botkit
Scripts for building a basic Linux system, based on Linux From Scratch http://www.linuxfromscratch.org/
An example of using emacs org mode (babel/tangle) to set up a docker shell session and generate/run an image.
Repository for JHU Coursera Practical Machine Learning
resume repository


Because origin Hacker News website is so ugly, so I gonna spend my weekends build another web client using React + Redux + Webpack + Material UI just for fun.
the  tutorial to learn c programming language.
Android app for practice

Mark Down sources of my personal site deploted on 



Notes for 'RxJS - Javascript library for functional reactive programming' book ( http://xgrommx.github.io/rx-book/ )
This repository is created just to understand how a repository is to be created in GitHub.
A sample project to learn angular js

Practice programming problems on LeetCode
Golang forms library. It's meant to be for personal use, but if you like it you can use it.
Fullforms is a simple RESTful API which will give you access to lots of fullforms and meanings of shortforms via simple http request.
Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Stanford University @ Coursera
A dumping ground for old projects I wrote for my undergrad at The University of Pittsburgh. Nostalgia, youth, poor variable naming. It's all here.

my first test app
A simple balloon popper game for toddlers built using the concepts explained in "Mastering Android Game Development"
This repository is about to practice programs from HackerRank.

My JWM config setup (Installs some Xfce components)
explore you ide like a champ

Typicode Fetcher. A tiny project for FOSSASIA/Google Code-In 2015.
The commercial detection algorithm (CODA) is a simple way to detect similar patterns in a movie.

This is for learning Git and GitHub

Programs created during first year at University of Maryland
simple data access framework written in java

A practice social site, built using the MEAN stack

Simple dynamic Node.js application built using Treehouse course
Simple "Hello, World" app with Angular 2 beta
Simple Scripts and Docs about Apache Spark

Webpack loader for snazzy (Format JavaScript Standard Style as Stylish)
Learning github
app for testing 
Sample AS/Intellij Android project using retrolambda and Lightweight-Stream-API
Steps in reviewing and refactoring the code in question http://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/102166/finding-closest-points-without-duplicates-and-given-distance-threshold
My /etc dir backup
First playground for VS2015
My personal emacs settings with Prelude
A PHP sample showing how to extract viewables from the Autodesk OSS storage to your local machine
Practice programming projects for my sister
My first Pokedex had a lot of merge issues so I created a new repository to work with

package list for Homebrew

Simple to complex codes for Python by me.

A simple busy indicator which can be trigger from any child or navigated page in react native application
UHC documentation (split off from UHC repo)

My backup of configs in $HOME
Test server
codecademy course
testing repository
First android app (Button, basic stopwatch)
Small project as exercise for school
This is a simple address-demo for exploratory purposes.

Simple Fading Testimonials Widget (Wordpress Plugin)

My github page
Docker images for physical computing (Raspberry Pi 2 GPIO)

Personal web site
The source code for my Android app, Wave Runner
This is a magento module example using modman
A Dockerfile for an Apache 2 reverse proxy with basic auth (hard coded user)
Udacity - Android Developer Nanodegree - Project 4
KGViewSeparators is a small helper library that helps to quickly insert separators into a view. No subclassing required!
My first repository

My custom dotfiles, using ZSH


Example scripts for OpenCV (Python).
Just another repository



Documentation (Python tutorial and how to use Reeborg) in multiple languages
My dot emacs
Apache Docker image with SSL turned on and a configurable ServerName.
Hadoop tasks repository for Parallel and Distributed Computing course at MIPT 2015
Dead simple python module for sending sms/mms messages from smtp(email).

A diary of C/C++ exercises and examples
A fork of NFCLockscreenoffEnabler for Marshmallow
Simple blog with flask
Its my first repository.
style guide for New England VegFest
the first repository
My dotfiles
This is an example site for the intro to Front-end Web Development Course at Flatiron School.

My personal blog where I talk about technical concepts related to being a front-end web developer

Simple React app for GitHub search API

Golang code for simple Monte Carlo simulations 

A set of 'HelloWorld' demos using various GWT and SmartGWT architectures including HTTP and DMI
Boilerplate for projects that require js bundling and minification and sass/scss compilation to css


This is the 4th App for the course
learning ruby on rails

Simple Magento 2 module that shows uses of Controller, Block & Template.
A simple implementation of rsync algorithm for efficient file synchronization.
See YouTube: https://github.com/michaelbiafore/RemoteExample.git

i am using this repo to test atom editor behaviour
A small app built with flask for the final project of ud330 Full Stack Foundations class for udacity. 
This repo contains the codes that I write for learning the MEAN full stack framework

This is the first app we built in the iOS course
A tutorial for using Angular's built-in filters.

tutorial

Collection of homework assignments, papers and source code created while earning BS at the Evergreen State College
A multi channel log emitter(a clone of my php snitchin) written in GO
A POC app to demonstrate simple RSS Reader in Android
A game thingy made using Pygame, for Python learning (and fun!) purposes.
Small Megaman X game made in Phaser.js
Simple RSS Reader made using atom electron and vue.js
A POC app to demonstrate android table layout

develop react-redux to learning any more
Steps in reviewing and refactoring the code in question http://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/115012/report-for-a-restaurant-showing-hourly-sales-information-for-a-given-timespan
My first repository on GitHub
Setting up a new Mac
Assignment from freecodecamp.org, to create a small api microservice that parses the requesting browser's header and returns os, ip address, and language. http://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/basejump-request-header-parser-microservice
Few react components to compare github stars evolution of popular github repositories

A collection of the files for a sample website about wolves. It does not work.

Udacity Course Work
Docker Hacking Image

Setting up sprites and platform controls in easeljs
LEARNING HTML
Mode Emotions Mturk Study 2 (code & csv)
Example web server from node.js developer course

Simple sound manager for Unity
A client webpage which turns mathematical expression trees to artsy animated GIFs.



Personal Blog of a Tech Lover
I created a java Selenium Maven project to practice testing techniques for myself using JUnit to check if the automated test pass or fail
Simple flickr app create with ES2015
Local sandbox for mucking around with Docker. Requires Vagrant and VirtualBox.
Karma Landing Page Clone
Just a repo for me donking around with hapi/react
Test program 
Simple and Fun Flask app to create fake job listings using Markov Chains from Indeed API
A simple i18n translation and localization library for React+Fluxible applications.
Curso Git da Code Education
A simple flashlight app for Android
A simple, but growing, script to run scans on targets written in Python.

Personal Site
Go tour tutorial
Intro and Next Steps in Foundation
2nd assignment for 2IMV20 (Visualization) at Eindhoven University of Technology


Backup copies for various projects i  fiddle with.

Resources for the Sonic Interaction Design Course HS 2015

Very basic implementation of personal site built with Django
My Quadrapod project
Source code developed during summer internship.

A SPA used for our wedding

Just my dotfiles...
Demo project for a blog post on using Ninject with Prism for Xamarin Forms
Application handler for testing with loraserver.
An example to show how to develop tomcat-based WebSocket application on Heroku

Coursera - Functional Programming Principles in Scala
My Github Pages site
:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component
I have created a demo interview app using Meteorjs and Kurento. Sample 5 interview questions are there. Once the user clicks on start button, he /she can see see a question which has  to answered within 3 minutes or else it will disappear. Kurento media s
Attempting to create a github based blog for all of my coding meanderings
Project for Data Structures course
A simple php script to display information about a SoundCloud account in JSON format

Code and notebooks for BIOM262
Program for testing Classifiers implemented in Weka using Cross-validation

Example solutions for exercises in K&R C book (1988)
Small console application that represents taxistation manager. Made by begginer in C#.
An example of a blog written in Ruby on Rails
New Years

My business website
Guidelines for pitching Project 2 ideas
Example of good Android practices
Code for the Report 
practice with git and github
A template vector library sample in C++ to use vectors

Reflections from the "How to Use Git and GitHub" course. Udacity.
The repo for my work in Responsive Web Design Fundamentals. 
My first repository on GitHub


Python course
Python Automation GUI Experiment (PAGE)

HTML Template Engine

compiler I wrote for University class

A personal guide on how to get started making games by Jonathan Topf
Basic Scripting in C using Data Structures and bit shifting
Blog Post Describing Different Ways of Transporting Data over the Web, with a particular focus on WebSockets

Template repository for building Ansible roles off of, including good unit testing and documentation.


Docker Python CI Environment

Tests towards doing basic pyglet rendering tasks faster through data orientation and numpy
Rails group project

New Folder created

A simple tool that helps managing the slugs for Posts, Pages and Custom Post Types.
A learning resource for front-end development
A translation of Apple's sample code Using UIImagePickerController to Select Pictures and Take Photos into Swift

A simple blog/website practice project powered by Node and the Express framework.
A simple neural networks written with regularization and unit testing in python.
Docker image for raspberry pi - pigpio service


Simple tool for setting up reminders. Works in the background, allows to create/modify/delete reminders and their reoccurences. Application created in VS 2015.  Feel free to contribute.
Sublime Text plugin for simple and easy SASS / SCSS compilation.
MUM Enterprise Architecture CS544 Final Project
Using HTML and JS Create the Standard Animation Practice of Making a Ball Bounce



Mi first application created using Ruby on Rails.
Code from Commodity Algorithms and Data Structures: Simple and Useful, 2nd Edition by Dmytro Kedyk 

A basic project with chai mocha testing
simple project for teaching kids to program
Configuration for vim, bash, and other programs.
JS implementation of examples from "A Programmer's Geometry"
A demo
A new Test
This is a simple app demonstrating how to use RethinkDB in a Phoenix application

All kinds of different Arduino projects. Very fun!




These are the PHP files developed while completing Treehouse's PHP Development Course

Some annoying code


A simple encrypted password manager created with node-js

Project created using Intellij
Repository for an Simple Test PHP Application
Simple application that counts the number of times a cat picture is clicked
A simple tic tac toe game written in scala and javafx



Simple application to take notes
Collection of Exercises & Projects from Eloquent Javascript online book
Hayashi Empirical Work

First rep for educational use



Basic Calculator made during summer
Medium clone built with Ruby on Rails

Portfolio page made using flexbox, srcset, and Gulp. Also, Udacity project 1.
my blog code
This is my Learn.ModernDeveloper repository, as I traverse Career Path 3!






Udacity course on git
My vim config
A simple example shows a way to validate user inputs in a form.

This is my Learn.ModernDeveloper repository, as I traverse Career Path 3!

Sample scala REST server.


Debian debhelpers fork
A demo app for me to demonstrate my skills


First Repo


Simple way to create ebooks from a set of markdown files.
Basic server status information delivered via REST
Mirror copy of the Debian packaging of python-q
Collection of git branches of experimenting and learning Elm (elm-lang.org)

Learning Play framework in Java
This is the first app we built in the iOS course
Java EE poc and proto
Resume for David R Prothero in Bootstrap and Angular.js

GitHub clone of SVN repo http://trac-hacks.org/svn/sumstatsplugin (cloned by http://svn2github.com/)
git clone of sybrenstubel's flickapi hg repo (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi/)
Sphinx documentation for the Tinkerforge system


Advanced lesson in iOS 9 Devslopes class about auto layout and constraints in Xcode.

A complete, yet simple, starter for Angular 2 using webpack 2
Super simple (static) web service to grab VAT rates for all EU Member States, in preparation of the new 2015 VAT regulation.
a free and open-source calculus textbook
A simple Chef report handler using ruby_gntp to send growl notifications

fast.js is a simple, tested, ready-to-used javascript algorithm library for any node.js and browser.
Playing around with generic collections in java$cript
Functional programming training based on "Functional Programming in Scala" book by Paul Chiusano and Runar Biarnason
An Unprofessional Blog Engine Created With ASP.NET MVC By Tugberk Ugurlu

Repository used as support for my studies about MVC with Hibernate and JSF, based on the book Caelum FJ-26
Sagittarius fork


A simple patch-server for games and apps based on HTTP and file hashes.







fork of gojsonreference with support for structs
Scripts that I have made over time

Mirror of http://dvcs.w3.org/hg/webdriver/ 
fork of git://libvirt.org/libvirt
This repository has been deprecated, please use one of the separate ANDS application-specific software repositories listed at: http://github.com/au-research/

Mirror svn repo of T2 Sde project

.vim configurations
Simple command line tool for generating safe passwords from a master password
Just a bit of code I would like to share. For example my server side Google Analytics tracker written in PHP.
My dotfiles
pure data external to synthesize text to an array with espeak library
crawler4j fork from Google code
12in12 tutorial blog

my dot files

My vim dotfiles, ellipsis.sh compatible.
jQuery plugin for creating a gallery of zoomable images from an anchor list.


Lean WordPress Theme
A simple SDK to get your hands dirty with Nabaztag

Documentation about the Grml Server

Multiplayer Boggle Clone
My custom devel config files, dot files and helpers needed to only have to install it on a new machine and start geeking
Mirror of https://git.netfilter.org/libnetfilter_log
Set of tools and scripts for converting raw data (csv, tsv, $sv, and other custom formats), creating links, and managing a triple store
A simple multi-threaded Python application to download images from a thread on 4chan.
Jayson is a simple but featureful JSON-RPC 2.0/1.0 client and server for node.js
everzet (life|work) dotfiles
Basic server-side analytics middleware for expressJS.
My resume
This is very simple code that can be used to demonstrate the caveats and design issues associated with building real-time chat server that uses socket.io.
Example scaffolding for hosting Ruby applications on Windows Azure
Placeholder description: @fredex42 created this with repo-genesis
Small Python script that takes a list of directories zips them and uploads the zip to a ftp server. Also deleting all zips older than the configured stale option. Thought it could be useful to someone out there.
Soluciones para problemas en http://coj.uci.cu
this is just a mirror of https://bitbucket.org/hasufell/hasufell-overlay
the docker swarm running overviewer.org
Sencha Touch tutorial
A git mirror of official flickrapi hg repository (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi) with some additional customizations.
Used for some changes for the swiss pirate party, based on a "git svn clone http://svn.code.sf.net/p/postfixadmin/code/ --stdlayout" and a "git filter-branch --prune-empty --tag-name-filter cat -- --all"
Programa simple de redes neuronales para java
Resume in LaTeX.
a collection of graphical effects used in the demoscene
my config
svn clone http://dangerous-prototypes-open-hardware.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Bus_Pirate
Pointers to useful, well-written, and otherwise beautiful documentation.
fork of buildout.eggnet
Configuration files for all my unix tools


Clone of git://anongit.freedesktop.org/gstreamer/gst-plugins-base
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Testium is a very Flexible and Plugin-able Test Automation Engine written in java. It is Open Source and fully supports the XML-based file formats of the Standardized Test Tool Interfaces as described in http://www.testtoolinterfaces.org/. Other file form
http://cse1211.artifice.cc
Fork of http://git.suckless.org/dmenu with selected patches from http://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/patches/
A blog for node.js.
A collection of Xcode Templates that I use. Well...so far only Coda and SIMBL plugin
Sublime Text 2 user settings
Finnish translation for Symphony CMS
Simple jade email sender, with caching.
LaTex version of resume
The sachin21's dotfiles
hold my dotfiles here
my .vim folder
A dark color scheme for Vim.
A cross-platform clone of the popular Lazy Newb Pack for Dwarf Fortress.
Fork of warsync
Deprecated, see https://github.com/Stonelinks/stonelinks.github.io
A simple example presentation made in showboat
git - the simple guide
Collection of my dotfiles for easy access
My github homepage
code is code
My dotfiles - vim mastering - I can't go back anymore
Personal Site

Reid's DR git clone
sample CRUD app on sinatra and mongomapper
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
VendorKit test repository

An example website template for managing a band using Ruby on Rails
Remark log viewer / Github mirror
allows an active record association to be used as a hash of string keys and values
Code for rendering my digital art
my dotfiles

tvtorrentrss fork to remove all unused and unnecesary code
Copy of the last free wurfl.xml data file
  This project has been deprecated.
My Jekyll-based blog
Fork of https://code.google.com/p/cssjanus/ with modifications required by Khan Academy.

My vim config
Temporary copy of https://code.google.com/p/bastmush/ , nothing to see here, go over there.
monkeypatched fork of comptypes to support faster WMI access
\N
Slides and example code for a talk on Inline::C, presented to Thousand Oaks Perl Mongers & Los Angeles Perl Mongers Nov/Dec 2011
This is a copy of the JNLua repository over on http://code.google.com/p/jnlua/
Sample hellogitworld repo for GitHub Training classes
test fork from svn googlecode to git



a simple asset loader for Children of Ur, works with other projects too!

This is a practice Ruby project using cucumber for web-site testing
test on HuoHouStudio

Xamarin Android Query Class inspired by AndroidQuery

A simple application to display qr codes of bitcoin privatekeys

Just a Repo used to test code and learn github
for vim-pathogen

My first repository
my first repo
Small random exercises
Window Basic Game, Heart!
dotfiles

Minimal clone of python's "SimpleHTTPServer"
A small program that grabs forum titles every minute
vim rc files and configurations




Thu dua source code len phat nao
my resume
A wrapper around the basic pattern I generally use for compojure projects
record the thing I should record


practice in webGL & common gamedev 
A little Github Pages File
Andrew Ng Introduction to Machine Learning Coursera
Collected resources about Facebook's React
This is an initial step to practice Python and Git 

A simple tool to help you relax on your Couch.
Resources related to the history of the Web
this is our code 
A simple, yet beautiful, code highlighter for WordPress.
Docker config for a ghost setup. Extra: nginx vhost config template with performance optimizations
The demo app for Ruby on Rails tutorial


A collection of post install scripts for configuring security, development environments, and servers on debian. Just here to make things easier. Free Software Only.

Personal Practice at AI using a checkers game
ember example 1
This is an open source project of using Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) in milton
html page

A basic application to look for ppl to share cabs with. Has minimum functionality with FB oauth. Frontend uses bootstrap.


A simple jQuery plugin for date selection.


A small javascript browser based game of "running from the thorns". Uses a game JS library "Gamelib"by Brent Silby
ImageViewer For testing
a simple solar system in HTML and CSS, based on the one on Codecademy. This one includes a moon.
the first app for rails tutorial


Code example of  Volley Framework for HTTP requests.

Created by studio
Website for FulPruf
Was using pixi, switched to phaser.js. Just trying a small game.
java practice projects



Summarise page masters in a FO document.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample App


Precompile your static Middleman site when you push to Heroku
A simple tool for administrating /etc/alternatives
first version. the format of elements is (int, int). Simplest hash function, just %.
ReactiveCocoa and ReactiveViewModel demo

Trivial example of log4j integration with Logentries in Scala
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror








Launch Academy practice app


my dot emacs
New SQYBI.com with Django. Notice that the RoR version is deprecated!
All my spoj work
Simon says game clone

An Example code with custom bundle, REST,OAuth,API Documenation,FOSUser
Practice with the full stack, writing acceptance tests, shedding scaffolding

MyFirstGitTest : http://www.raywenderlich.com/22590/beginning-automated-testing-with-xcode-part-12
A port of the Hyde Jekyll theme to Statamic

Simple Upstart template
A fork of the WordPress TwentyThirteen Theme

A sample Google Glass app using the Glass API
Just a little test-repository. The files in this repo are not meant to be used in any way (and mostly don't work).
A test using dropbox API


Project 1 for Stanford University Objective-C course
Small macros, scripts, etc to make life easier

Fizz Buzz PHP
Cryptocurrency test coin
This is my test repo.
A playground that I use to learn OpenGL
test repository
An annoyingly simple chrome extension to let users add their own snippets of CSS and JS to websites.

A child theme used to test the development of the Thematic theme
Basic robots.txt generator plugin for Hexo

j2ee work 5/6/7
My test of java web app
Documentation and examples for an introductory workshop about Boost
Random code samples and some useful routines. Just for fun.
David Dumon's blog


Blog
Very simple events plugin built for developers in mind using Bootstrap 3 markup
Practice App
Example repository that is created from an existing project.


Source code syntax highlighting: C/C++/Prolog/... -- HLX --> HTML. (college course exercise)
C++ Templates - The Complete Guide
Example showing use of shoe, dnode and browserify to render cross-browser web page
A repository for testing the Java concepts and features.
fork from http://sourceforge.net/projects/opascalscript/
Documentation for the Statamic CMS in Dash Docset format 
BWTheme - A simple and beautiful theme for Webmin and Usermin made using Bootstrap and Font Awesome
Just a collection of my research related ipython Notebooks
A practice backbone app

Ubuntu Server Guide
Documentation for the Internet Archive S3 API



test
just a test

a collection of effects all build with TweenLite or TweenMax.




A basic mapper to read/write POJO instances to a very compressed binary file format.  While working on another project, I originally was going to use Jackson to read/write POJO to JSON/XMl, but after looking at the overhead of saving large byte arrays I c

scm-manager preinstalled into docker using the ubuntu base
My dotfiles (zsh, tmux, vim, git)
A clean way to setup a quick demo using HTML5 and jQuery.

Place to store things like vimrc and bashrc configurations
Simple GeoPal python client

This is a simple python script to automate the molecular dynamics and minimisation protocols with gromacs. Current version can perform minimisations of protein-ligand complex only
Ruby on rails tutorial - first app
Implementation example of Spring-Hateoas (client wich consume and expose RESTful HATEOAS Service)Source from my article : http://bewilcox.blogspot.fr/2013/12/generer-lexposition-de-vos-entites-jpa.html
A demo application for illustrating the use of Broadcast Receiver and Monitoring Battery Status.
LightStor Standard Documentation

SharePoint 2007/2010/2013 PowerShellscript to copy user permissions on all specified sites/subsites

Coursework for CS 590 - Computational Microeconomics. Taught by Vince Conitzer, Duke University, Spring 2014. 
A demo application for illustrating the use of list view and adapters. It also consists the functionality of callbacks to change the items of the list view. (e.g. working of like/unlike button)
C# Demos
Basic shell script for create and delete apache virtual hosts.
This is a simple lightbox class built with CoffeeScript.
get off !! this is my personal project
An example project using Grunt with a Magento theme
Sample api client for Diffbot.com. This is just sample with one api call to article api of diffbot.Shared just for demo.
A clone of casper, the default theme in ghost
these are small scripts that I have written to perform certain scientific computing tasks, namely for a course I have taken on quantitative economics
jQuery to add active css style once you scroll to specified anchor.
dot files
Just a few basic quiz questions / solutions to quizzes that I ask potential candidates to look at based on their experience

A test of github pages, with a bit of jekyll, listing some code related stuff I have done
Notes and example implementations of design patterns in JavaScript
A basic web page that uses a carousel using the bootstrap framework


Dependency Injection Example
Git repository for work from 7 weeks 7 languages book

HTML test project for Yandex
A collection of Twig tools and extensions
a set of small programs that are useful to be inserted in bigger projects
Documentation for the Trapper project
The code for my game, Periodic Alchemy.

test folder, learning git via ubuntu terminal
Simple programs using template meta-programming in C++.
Documentation wiki for using AppWarp On-Premise
Various for-fun scripts and projects
Small application for Android what helps people learn multiply table. Made it for Android101 course
My own version of Game of Life
School Project - Create a tool that displays information about the disk
Demo of recoupling a decoupled project. Effective likelihoods and template parametrizations are hosted on the web.
Tempbox. A demo app showing UserApp, Python and AngularJS running together.
learn rails tutorial by Daniel Kehoe
My first app



Example code for personal use from the book Node in Action.
The first app for the Ruby on Rails tutorial
This was a school assignment.
Set of screens that can be used to perform regression tests of operator interface.
website for dng.io
Clone this and correct the jQuery errors!

Mastering C# 4.0 Pluralsight course - Jon Skeet
A small log for all the coffee I taste


A small app, that's used in the Ruby Tutorial.
The first app for the ruby on rails tutorial
My public website.

Demo project using the raphael gwt library.
My website
Documentation and Resources for the Minecraft Mod Station

Code that I wrote to deeply understand how some general data structures function internally. A lot of pointer concepts covered. All code in C++.
Demo of how to list posts with collections in Assemble 
repo for testing 
Personal page & blog
repo for recipe storage
Installs Ruby 2.x on Ubuntu 12.0.4.LTS from the Brightbox Ruby NG PPA.
This is a fork of KA9Q's FEC library that also compiles on x86_64 and arm.
vim dotfiles

Dummy project to learn github via Tuts+ tutorial
gotta level up those git skills!

This is a singly linked list implemented in C for my own personal practice. 


Projects I created in my free time
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample app
Just testing Github Pages
AngularJS demo with Browserify.
Famous computer scientists image and text
Contains the TI-BASIC program called "HANOI"
A set of packages for the concrete5 content management system used by the ITM web site
The documentation for the Bootstrapper package
A website / theme for Small Victories.
My dotfiles
My (own) Sheltie Pedigree project written in Java generating all HTML from an XML, no database.
Saves state against an entity in MongoDB with simple constants and helper methods

A small helper module for image galleries in WordPress, using ACF.
The first app for Ruby on Rails tutorial
A simple application for quickly converting subtitle files from SubRib (.srt) format to WebVTT (.vtt) format.
Distributed project management using dcf files
This plugin demonstrates how to add new visualizations to Datawrapper
practice
Store data in local storage
A small game for GlobalGameJam 2011
The content files for the LCDM website at the University of Illinois.
The future home of my new website.
My dotfiles
A simple java pipe for couchdb changes feeds
This is the cookbook to deploy Cybera's network mapping tool. (https://github.com/cybera/network-mapping-tool)
Test the internet of the Icabox
Examples of design patterns using JavaScript :D

reprap design repo

Simple To-Do App written in Laravel 4 and Zurb's Foundation 5 front-end framework

A Makefile to build librumpuser on its own, useful if you want to fork it
packaging metadata for the freemarker preprocessor template engine
Learning how to program using ruby on rails
Pre-course Exercises



a fake project from snazz2001


The first app for the Ruby o Rails Tutorial
An example registration handler for setting up Salesforce with OpenID Connect

personal blog
This repo is just testing the github streak strategy
first demo app
One Month Rails 4
My Engineering Graduation work about Textile RFID tag antena
vim config for cpp

Jan 2014 version of Hartl's First App on Dev Machine, running Ubuntu

public repository
Dating Python - A quick start guide to Python programming
The first project  for rails
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror


The sample app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
A simple plug-in for jQuery mobile which adds content to a list.

Single Page Nav is a light-weight and simple to use jQuery plugin
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Simple module to send emails in background using oorq
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
collection of simple ios-samples
A small library used to shadow polymorphic operators (and functions) contained in the stdlib.

Zipios++ is a java.util.zip-like C++ library for reading and writing Zip files. Access to individual entries is provided through standard C++ iostreams. A simple read-only virtual file system that mounts regular directories and zip files is also provided.
Code snippets discussed in blog
Prezi Notes on Google Glass during presentation
Simple Grid with paging and search for Play Framework 2 based on Bootstrap
Sample app  for learning github 
My final year project for University. A tool for teachers to be able to easily create multiple choice test for their students.
Rename files by specific pattern.
small programs

website
SCSS tutorial


WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
version of homework 2 and 3 without action of the button 9
test application first assignment
FSOLA - First Steps Of Learning Algorithms
My personal configuration files.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
sample client-server application with thread pool
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
My solutions from psets 0-8, and final project, from the online course cs50 [https://cs50.net].
A basic assessment for Adapt that is attached to an article


Sample program(s) to parse logs
An example of a basic solution setup for a brand new application.

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Something to demo git use in class
RFRateMe will help you promote your iPhone/iPad app without irritating your users. It's very simple to install, use and configure (If you need to change the default behavior).
my portable .bashrc
Basic iphone application and python server for using trilateration (trigonometric and least squares) to determine the point coordinates of the phone.
Pelican starter theme to be used with theme inheritance, see https://github.com/getpelican/pelican/issues/1092 & https://github.com/getpelican/pelican/pull/1327.
A proof-of-concept job board written in Python using the Flask framework, mongoengine and hosted on Heroku
A simple "Gift List Manager". A little project to learn Play2! and practice Scala
Keller's Personal Game/Engine
xgl emacs setting
My personal repository of tools for solving Project Euler problems
scrapy's googledir example with mysql store pipeline using twisted's adbapi
Dotfiles. For me! My dotfiles.
Personal website
\N

A clone of Gameboy Tetris using HTML5 canvas written in javascript.

Sublime Text 2 config files
swip is a SIP web phone working through a java applet. This is a fork() from sipappletjava.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A thin wrapper around the JavaScript Cytoscape Web library for Google Web Toolkit
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
ABAP Code sample
dotfiles such as .vimrc, .zshrc, .tmux.conf, .gitconfig and so on
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
An easy way to include all files within a directory. Note: This is a fork of felixge's require-all which allows for optional includes.
Read-only mirror of "robast" from r-forge SVN.
Nokia Education Delivery documentation
work repo for me and urban to have a bit of code control
Pharmacokinetic and Pharmacodynamic datasets for use in pharmacometrics and translational medicine

Simple Example showing how to track a conversation, including specific types (such as AV calls)
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A Python Turtle program I created
Code Examples for my blog
Demo site for my session at DrupalDownUnder 2012
Buzzword bingo web page for FRC kickoff
A non_blocking_lock implementation for ActiveRecord adapters (well, just mysql2, at the moment). This is just a quick and dirty extraction due to the Rails 3.2 deprecation of vendor/plugins. README/tests/etc coming later.
Mirror of internal repository for TestTracker.
Exemplar data sets for SGP analyses
The package can implement the graph-based reconstruction and
OpenCPU Demo apps.
Testing commits for our super project
(DEPRECATED) My first html game start.
A set of extern classes for Haxe that wrap the Titanium API (http://developer.appcelerator.com/).
Clone of the "Entity operations" Drupal module
This repository holds the configuration and site packages for the kjf press release application.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
deprecated
A basic Flask app template using MongoEngine
Collection of developer tools for BrowserID
Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/ad_google_maps/. Updated daily with svn2git.
vim configuration files
Basic ZendFramework2 example application using Doctrine2 and the SpiffyDoctrine modules
A simple octopress blog, more work-related than anything else.
vim setting
simple twitter clone
Just a little Galaga clone written in Java.
Personal Site
My website
My dotfiles
Configuration files for stuff I use.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

Django simple checkout app designed to work well with django-cart (but won't require it)
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

A simple and free CMDB app written in Ruby on Rails
Mirror of Alfresco Community Edition (see https://wiki.alfresco.com/wiki/GitHub)
My Resume in LaTeX
A simple web based school management system.
A blank chef repository
test for freeing memory in LLVM JIT
My Github Page
Win32 code example to list all the imports within the executable, very useful aid to understanding PE executables and the API calls they are trying to use from various DLL's.
Blog

WPoniOS - Rest API is a plugin which provide a rest interface in WordPress CMS.
my emacs configs
Fork of mapsforge - https://code.google.com/p/mapsforge/
This mirror is not being updated, and will be deleted.
Zend Framework 1 Config package
No longer supported see - https://github.com/meh/ruby-tesseract-ocr
All sample projects, which belong to my posts on blog.volger.org
A small, fast and simple 3D scene graph vector engine for JavaScript based on the HTML 5 canvas technology
