A Moodle block element which is part of Turnitin's Moodle Direct v2 providing a link to Class Migration functionality for non admin users
Pomodoro task management application

A Teamcity plugin for building Unity3d projects. NOTE: this has an MIT license so feel free to copy / adapt as you need to.
An attempt to update killermonk's Netbeans' lesscss-module
Bind to the `beforecopy`, `copy`, `aftercopy`, and `copy-error` events, custom DOM-like events for clipboard injection generated using jQuery's Special Events API and ZeroClipboard's Core module.
Keep track of things you want to get done.
Websocket client software for socket.io
Memorize is written in Java and uses Leitner flashcards to make memorizing facts not only more efficient but also more fun. jMemorize manages your learn progress and features categories, Unicode flashcard texts, statistics and an intuitive interface.
Multi-Provider Authentication for App Engine
Mods for Minetest created by me
A modification of Razor (https://github.com/msturgill/razor) for czech Ultima Online shard Auberon
Seattle GTUG App Engine Bootcamp
JQuery imagesloaded plugin registration for the Plone CMS
Lein plugin to run launch4j as part of your clojure build
Minimal template for developing packages for Python
client-side require that uses WebSockets
Node.js Version of MMSG for Chinese Word Segmentation
Python implementation of URI Template
Gis Application development course work

Golang django-like admin with mgo backend
This is a plugin that makes it simpler to create, control, and animate x3dom based scenes using jQuery.
Trichema's website
Upload de arquivo utilizando o JSF + Primefaces + Hibernate
iOS 5 Container View Controller that mimcs the behaviour of the Path 2.0 and Facebook apps.
A browser extension/add-on to filter tweets. Currently, supporting Google Chrome.and Mozilla Firefox (15+)
koshinuke java server implementation
:izakaya_lantern: ambilight clone for your arduino and some WS2801s using boblight
android jtt app
Tools for Energy Model Optimization and Analysis
Dropbox ReST API client for Zend Framework v1
A hook/filter system(Similiar to word press hooks/filters). Useful for creating plugins as an example.
XBee clone using TI CC430F5137 microcontroller
Some code to handle multiple plesk servers with a single mail gateway.
Cocoa Extensions primarily for iOS
Qunar Auto Test Util
Chrome extension to auto-update your twitter stream without clicking to load new tweets.
Unofficial GnuTLS with added custom native Visual Studio project build tools. GnuTLS: GnuTLS is a secure communications library implementing the SSL, TLS and DTLS protocols and technologies around them.
Rails 3.1 admin
Fusion Linux is Linux distribution that has desktop usability, ease of use and latest features as top priority.
A fix for the iOS orientationchange zoom bug.
Freifunk KBU information page
Versatile mail filter with firewall like configuration.
A Leiningen plugin to generate Autodoc pages for your project
Albion 2 Engine "light"
Galera Cluster documentation
Habbo Hotel emulator targeting the "v13" client.
Java backend library for magus
Add app/services to Rails 3 
open source content management
Implement your own server using the redis protocol
A Zend app in which users can have multiple authentication and api providers (Facebook, Twitter, Google)
An open source substitute for Apple's genstrings which can be integrated in Apps.
Project template for authlogic and omniauth in Rails3
Redislite is a software library that implements a self-contained, serverless, zero-configuration, redis-compatible database engine.
Vim plugin that changes the color of the statusbar of the focused window according with the current mode (normal/insert/replace)
Jenkins plugin for JBoss.org project analysis tool Tattletale
a home automation scripting framework for Ruby
It is simply C's code that get freshman learn.
a javascript rogue-like game
Use FB to create process registration and create WordPress users (not FB Connect)
 Warewolf  Easy Service Bus (ESB) is used for designing, orchestrating and implementing communication between software applications. It handles messaging, routing, and service co-ordination in a SOA framework. It's 100% open source and free. This reposito
source code of 24photos .org
Ruby / Sinatra port of Yongho's PHP TEDx logo generator
One hour JavaScript - Stuff I wrote in an hour.
Converts a RFC (such as RFC 2616 http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616.txt) to an ePub

The WebDriver API and wire protocol
Use django admin with custom objects
white elephant helper
Knife plugin for testing Chef code in a Vagrant VM
This is some code that generates indesign documents from json data taken from incom.org
school life app
WordPress plugin to limit search to the post title when adding links to content or adding pages to a menu.
The official home of the LibVMI project is at https://github.com/libvmi/libvmi.
A fam implementation
A swift, lightweight forum system
A visual guide to the wonders of Unicode

A minimalistic responsive grid portfolio theme built on Jekyll
Admin UI to allow the removal of sample / test data.
Productivity tools add-in for SQL Server Management Studio 2014 and newer, for SQL developers and DBAs
this is the eyewriter 1.0 code

Mobile application written using the Ionic Framework for an School project.
Normalized address bar hiding for iOS & Android
AgMIP Web Services API
Peer-to-Peer secure backup system. Spreads encrypted pieces of a  file over a p2p network.
An Ace of Spades clone / fork / experiment, written in Python and using Pyglet for OpenGL.

Redmine plugin to quickly Create/Edit issues in JS popup
The project aims to develop java based api for getting historical quotes from Indian stock market. These  apis are targeted to solve the data problems related to back testing of an algorithamic trading strategy. Currently we are using yahoo finances for f
Python scraper to download all mises.org audiobooks
A repository for open source sample code for few often used functionalities used in Xamarin iOS.
A c++(and possibly others)-aware tagger based on clang. 
Festival de Ideias
App based on Node.js, Express.js, MongoDb, Bootstrap and jQuery.
Ini like format parser written in D
An intro application for the Ionic framework
Widget Development Plugin for Brackets
a template system on top of taskjuggler for task planning, scheduling, manning and costing.
Given a route, this app will show  restaurants, attractions, etc. you pass by.
Official API to access Sitra touristic data
send SMS and Twitter ruby script
Site
Old 2 wheel ball shaped RC toy converted into robot.
JavaScript Dev Accelerator Coding Challeng Question 3.   Generate an AngularJS, ReactJS or other JavaScript MV* framework app that allows a user to create, edit, update, and destroy (delete) users. 
Heavy Development Noob Code C# MineCraft Server
Chrome extension that adds a Todo list drop down
A custom file system navigator for Pythonista.
Java applet that uses linear programming (gurobi) to solve fair cake-cutting problems
To-do List using Backbone.js
API wrapper and CLI tool for waa.ai
Mock design of the google homepage
A little android app to taste the beginning of programming in this platform
this is a source code for puzzle game
An easy-to-use UIImagePickerController replacement for picking Images and Videos.
Stylesheets for Documentation Pages
Open Source Twitch Bot
C++ 11 template-based reflection API
Chinese chess engine
A tool to check md5 sums given an untrusted file and a sum that has been received out of band
A Protobuild template for a cross platform Easily Overlooked MonoGame project.
Manipulate colors like you write Sass. Mix some colors like you paint.
a group of tools base on ANT
A Windows 8.1 application which translates text in billboards to foreign languages. 
A Star Trek themed, text based game written in Python, which showcases the power of the Raspberry Pi.
LaTex Resume
Optimized algorithm for finding the trace route in SDN application
Sensor driver library for SB Project 2014-1
mainly used to generate some xml settings
This is the site, the thing that makes the OpenItinerary work. Enjoy.
Xamarin sample for switching between forms and native
Dockerize the "LATEST" version of VirtualBox with Extension Pack and phpvirtualbox
Web page for the This Is Us Project to facilitate students' data entry


A hive2 multi host adbc based datasource. This will help in load balancing in round robin fashion while acquiring new connections from each Hive2 server.

ELB Certificate Rotation tool
main page
Discobots Splash Page
C++ virus (+ keylogger) with PHP/JS backend
CherryPy App Engine Seed
Repo for the redesign of Hudl's roster page (using materialize to help achieve Google material design aesthetics).
An Security Framework based on Spring-Security
Source for blog. Middleman site.

Samba docker container
Hydroponic culture equipment that can be used in 4 ways (Use/Don't use LED/empty can)
Android Sample - Current GPS Position
New project tracker repo, capturing version with 3 models (staffing, project, task)
waveform renderer using fft
Various utilities written in Elixir.
Tiny little clipboard manager I threw together in go
 A Python script that render a .svg file into .png files in the correct resolution for Drawables in Android. Developed for
A frontend blog-style app that fetches data using the WP REST API.
A post install script I've created to add repositories, update the system and install the applications I need on Ubuntu.
A mini Netflix clone web app built in Node.js that uses TheMovieDB and Rotten Tomatoes movie data


Collection of scripts for different analysis.
Compiles decaf language into java bytecode.  Utilized Lex and Yacc.  Written in C++.
Pinterest style hangrax page
Night mode is an app that automatically mutes your phone at night.
Resume template made with latex (theme isn't acheved for now)
fresh laravel copy
the scripts for exersise
Copy files to a remote host using WinRM
Alfred extension to quickly open your github repos in the browser.
a wordpress theme for the redesign of Prospect Enrichment Preschool
Expreso Gran Muralla Website done in HTML/CSS/jQuery
6.00.1x Introduction to Computer Science and Programming Using Python

Supports Google Cardboard for Windows Phone in Unity3D
async iterators (reduce, map, each) of collection (array, plain object)
A Processing project to generate all the github default avatars
A Git mode plugin built using the ShellCommand plugin, which makes customisation and adding new commands, super easy.
Web Rollout Project
useful scripts for react development

The Gruntlr Backend API
Pacman AI projects developed at UC Berkeley(used with permission)
This can track visitors that coming to a site and store their details such as location,browser type, os, etc
A Flask project that creating web app for finding readability of texts.It is an online readability calculator
Android App for attendance marking at IFS daycare center ( with Janitha Madushan )
Wordpress username and password brute forcing demonstration.
Python script that renames files based on imdb data
server side cross filter which will fire required queries directly in respective database
BoL Script
Fluent Html Helper for Asp.net MVC
Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015.
Canary version of Dynmap
Making a triangle however tall you want, and with whichever character you would like. 
Lightweight accordion for applications which are not using jQuery UI and needs accordion
Simplified Chinese translation project for the Battle for Wesnoth.
waze api
PHP AES Key Wrap (RFC3394 and RFC5649)

Sample android app for recyclerview using Linear, Grid and Staggered Grid Layout managers.
Lambda Ladies website source, hosted on GitHub pages
An Unrolled Linked List.
Daily programming exercises from the daily programming reddit page
elasticbeanstalk dirs shareable, better status updates, aws fab tasks integration, improved version tagging
ArcheAge-like XP Bar for WoW
Web Application Template based on Silex
Linux utilities built for android
Endless scroll data load using RecyclerView
macos command line tool of generate qr image and copy to clipboard
Ruby command line applications

A implementation of Dijkstra's algorithm, with Graph class, to find shortest paths between points in a map.
Keikogi Application Template (bootstrap)


A Ruby Script a Day Project
Spark open source program to fetch top urls, hashtags and usermentioned on basis of keywords
Sci-fi-themed turn-based strategy game.
Multithread version
A Chrome Extension to Log Cookies for Further Analysis
Repository for solutions to hacker rank problems (all domains).
helper classes for arduino dev. Tested with GTest+GMock.
This is an extension for wp-pro-quiz plugin of Wordpress. This extension displays individual users score at the bottom of their profile page. 
Source code for a website showing movie filming locations in San Francisco.
The current live version of the site while we await the next version.
Java client for the Wink REST API
Client concilium chennai
Ffs - Framework From Scratch built for research purposes. Reinventing the wheel, every functionality without using the power of Open Source
Instructional app for Intro to iOS App Development with Swift
Abandoned. mockup here http://conditionalsupport.makopool.com/
Github user page
Skeleton for a cross-platform native app with a web-based UI.
C++ implementation of the multiresolution sphere packing tree.
Ansible role will help you with installing original vmware-tools form Vmware or fallback to Open VMware Tools (open-vm-tools).
Solutions to challenges from reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer
Chef cookbook for the Distributed Grep web app
Fix your Baby's Birthday
Go library for parsing and writing fixed length fields (aka ascii)
This is a .NET Micro Framework Library for working with the Amazon S3 Rest API.

for windows: shho.exe; for mac: shho; source code: reg.py
Python Program to covert speech to text
Create Digital busniss cards
Backward compatibility extension for Tao 2.6 to 3.0 update
GPL+LGPL sources from the SiliconDust HDHomerun download page
Website for client9.com 2015
you can make a android application rapidly
The frontend app is built by ReactJs + Reflux architecture
twitter app
Format your commit-message and promote from vim
A WinForms application that snips string inputted in one textbox and shows the output in another.
Convert C header to ctypes-compatible description of shared library
An ipython notebook to help with school spelling homework
irssi scripts
Get Information from 2X RAS Server (tcp/20002)
jabba the hud. yet another generic hud/ui engine
Script to explain an Apertium translation in terms of its parts.
BEL website
A turn-based game in the terminal based off of Pokemon
A simplified version of the Ordnance Survey UK parliamentary constituencies shapefile
A collection of opencv code snippets

Create help for canon printer install
Problem solving using Java
Embedding scripting elements into HTML pages that activate as you scroll.
A javascript client based mesh processing tool. Built using vcg library, emscripten and webgl
kof's sketchbook year 2015
How to create a gentle transition between design mockup and HTML markup?
:bow: Brainfuck interpreter implemented in C
A core java library for all Minecraft plugins created by me
A Client-Server custom mail service program created under the Toronto District School Board Netowrk. 
Chrome extension
Install profile (deprecated: use webfact-make project)
Copy of the 'rc' shell source (http://tobold.org/article/rc)
1294's robot and dashboard software for the 2015 season
Starter ansible template for new site project.
SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This library contains functionality for making JavaScript-specific declarations such as variables or function calls.

Website - for showing Strava.com Best Efforts
Upload files to an AWS S3 bucket and sync them to dropbox using an AWS lambda function
App for university
University assignment 
Django 1.7 Template app with doc generator / api-doc generator / Tastypie
A collection of Arduino projects
iOS app for Epiquote webiste, written in Swift
University assignment 
fourty - planet template pack
Go FIDO U2F Library. This Go package implements the parts of the FIDO U2F specification required on the server side of an application.
Wordpress Theme based on the free mystile theme by WooThemes. Requires Wooframework to work properly.
Formats Cucumber output into format compatible with Xcode Build output so that errors and warnings appear in the Xcode Issues Navigator.  Useful when using Cucumber through the wire protocol to develop in C++, Objective-C or Swift
:dancers: Tween is a lightweight easing library. Written in C++03
Self balancing robot project. Initially an Arduino sketch. Then I want to move this into Cylon.JS and run on something that supports node such as a Beaglebone Black (RPi doesn't have enough GPIO and PWM)
extension name map to language
fizzbuzz created using CoffeeScript and mocha for testing
A Tessel Node app for reporting module data to the Tessel Data Server.
A Web-based tool for viewing data collected by Tessel Reporter apps with data stored on the Tessel Data Server. 
Custom UINavigationBar with Google Material style, for iOS written on Swift.
Creates KMP skip array and BM skip array using KMP and BM search algorithms.  Searches specified text file for strings contained in another text file.
Sample apps covering various scenarios with a single page of HTML (using Angular) and Spring Security
Docker build file creating a image of a box containing web application security scanners.
A wordpress plugin for donation processing
Jekyll Bootstrap Theme based on twitter

ruby 2.0.0p481 docs http://emanual.github.io/ruby-docs/
docker base, for running LAMP.
tempest scenarios upto 02/01/2015
Programming challenges from Codewars and HackerRank
PhoneCall.Forms.Plugin is a Xamarin Forms plugin from Isham Mohamed
Scripts for building .Net projects outside of Visual Studio
Reverse engineered Python API for Weiyun (Tencent's cloud storage service)
Monitoring car condition system with elm237 
Configuration for awesomewm, based on Legospacy's config.
To find husband's location via Google map.
first plugin written with pGina framewotk
Is a javascript library based on snap.svg that permit to use .svg images files as templates to create web andon/control panels with dynamic data loaded from a json data source.
this is repository for all wordpress theme component from PSD to PHP
ec2-elastic-ip init script for ubuntu.  This will allow you to set the user-data and hostname for an amazon spot instance
MySimpleTwiiter is a MEAN Stack app that hava some microblogs features.
Joomla contact module for easy and fast sending mails with attachments with 5 additional custom fields at your disposal
upload component and business solution
Examples with Facebook React library.
Debian Wheezy script for configuration of fresh OS with essential applications as well as optional: Postgre 9.1, Webmin, docker.io, RealVNC 5.2.2, TeamViewer 10 & Tomcat 7
Receives Docker webhooks and forwards them to an AMQP bus
This package allows you to upload your database daily to rackspace cloud files
html coding project
Takes iCalendar/vCalendar-like data and produces an HTML report containing all events.
LAH website

Framework for testing trading strategies
Easy XPath prototyping. Mining HTML to JSON.
Barebones CMS - SSO server/client integration plugin
C++ implements for network flow algorithms 
Sympton Management Beta Version it's an Android app and a Java Spring-based service.
git hooks for intermixing SVN and git repositories. Intended for use in versioning Unity projects without storing massive amounts of binary files in git.
Some research done of diffrent sorting algorithims
Run an ETCD backup task inside a Docker container and upload it to AWS S3.
Mobile app that provides a medical control with some helps like drugs&doctors guide and reminders
module form comp register
LANScan Project in Bachelor's Degree
Collections of python scripts to bench algorithms, libraries etc...
An attempt to code Pokemon Firered using python and pygame
MoneyCalculator project for Softwaare engineer 2 
Generate book reference based on douban.


Extention on CI Upload library for handling multiple file uploading
Wrapper of zookeeper's four letters command and web monitor
calculator using javascript,html,css
Geolocation game prototype based on google maps api
A cms(for webistes) Written in Python (Bootstrap Embedded)

A data-only container for docker-stash
An Embeddable General Purpose Macro Processor - http://xpp.symisc.net/
RevMob plugin for Cordova
checks html or rss to see if sites are available and updated
node.js file uploader based on https://github.com/felixge/node-formidable

Art site for Kristin Whitney

Platform that aggregates de best technologies to dynamically teach and learn between dynamic groups.
library for reverse engineering ingredients' proportions in a food based on it's nutrition data
PatternLab Style Guide for OvrC
Custom Alert view for iOS apps
IQToolkit Contrib is a project for providing classes to work with the IQToolkit providers.
Gamified app for tracking your language study
A template project structure for a PHP component. Includes config for Travis-CI, Coveralls and Scrutinizer.
Google Glass AR - GeoCaching with WikitudeSDK
An analysis of the files released by ProPublica for the Prescriber Data
Control an old-school analogue Scalextric set with a MindWave Mobile brain computer interface and an Arduino.


Playlist you Likes to share
Scripts to process NBO txt files
Program for playing go, written in Elm

A vim plugin for code annotation and code understanding using folds
Docker image with a build of Dropbox Pyston
A React Mixin for the BoomQueries Library
Swift code for the iOS version of the AUDL client application for iOS 8 and greater. 
Cloud tools to monitor and manage cloud servers. Great alternative to some expensive tools
Sala de treinamento

Windows tool to securely wipe data
Custom scripts for our mediawiki instance
Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a Blob string.
Email plugin for Slick Framework


DeviceJS App & Class support for iotivity.org
Darkgrey with white responsive theme with single color for AnchorCMS.
This is a sequential and parallel code in Parallel Java 2, for the Lagrange theorem that says, "Every natural number can be represented as a sum of square of four integers " 

New codebase for the SGFC file uploader.
SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This project offers the base functionality for relocating assets to an external file while writing an appropriate reference to this fil
YAWN is a PHP/JQuery based social networking app. YAWN stands for Yet Another Web Network 
A sample project that shows how to integrate jenkins and selenium
An LTI tool for embedding YouTube players into Canvas course sites
Swing based employee information system
iOS Alarm Clock
Scripts to get SQL Saturday data and load into SQL instance
A shiny application for exploring the binning patterns along the length of a locus' size range
A html parser for ComputerCraft
java programming with version 8
It is a android imageview which gives awesome moving animation
Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a BlobKey.
Script to keep git clones in sync with origin and upstream
High level access library for the Guild Wars 2 API
Total Backup Script
xfind is a command line tool written in Go, which is like a subset of find command.
Some computer game based projects I have made
GrepBugs Plugin for Notepad++
Conway's Game of Life w/ HTML, CSS, and JS
A proof of concept that browserify encapsulates jQuery object
for shipping with FEDEX, you can manually enter zip codes, because the returned zip codes in the TWO_DAY range are not quite true...
Resolves template urls for can.view bundled with browserify.

Motion::Duration is an immutable type that represents some amount of time with accuracy in seconds. Adapted from ruby-duration by Jose Peleteiro

Tools for administering Salesforce Alumni Database. Written in Python.
Plug-in like warp to allow players to save locations and teleport to them.  The locations, however, are private to each player.
SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This project offers the functionality for relocating assets to an external file while storing the contents in a MySQL database. 
Compare your age to the ages to the average age of professional athletes and become depressed about how relatively old you are in comparison.

Docker base builds of OPAM and OCaml in various combinations

A lightweight Python library that can be used to get live data from IG Markets REST and STREAM API with a LIVE or DEMO account
A Music Player Daemon web app written in node.js
Evolving "circuit" simulator.  It's more like an FPGA than a true electronic circuit
Unit of measure conversion API
Wordpress all in one Docker container
first attempt on datomic storage using couchbase
Braintree package for Meteor <deprecated>
A minimal and static blog engine written in Go.
JavaScript parser for THU's learn website
Use twentyfifteen-child theme and Grunt in Wordpress

[BACKUP] A CGI script to parse Markdown files with the PHP-MarkdownExtended package
Reactive maze game
Projects start guide for wordpress



There are some code lines to program and test the sensors of the pocket nurse,
This tool is developed in PHP to check and report uncommented lines of code in project.
The slots game in jQuery flavored JS!
intertactive fiction at web scale
DRY project automation for Node.js and javascript frontend projects.
A Wordpress theme based on some like it neat
PingPong game witen in C#
An open-source initiative for Entity Framework profiler
A webjar for jquery-payment (https://github.com/stripe/jquery.payment)
Check whether all the OpenBSD mirrors are reporting the same sha256 for install56.iso
A library extending Xojo's iOS feature by adding extension modules and classes.
Android app to sync between PC and android in the same LAN network
Sample iOS app
Multi-Media-Multiplexing Library
An implementation of function invocation using variadic templates.  Uses a recursive binding algorithm to turn a set of strings into a function call.
Atom Editor theme which aims to render exactly like Twilight on TextMate 2
Online trainer for the Set card game
xvfb in docker
ZingChart is a powerful library that provides users with the ability to quickly create beautiful charts, dashboards, and infographics. Choose from hundreds of chart types with nearly limitless chart design and customization options. Connect your data and 
OpenEddi is a data collection software package
Suleyman Demirel University console application
Ruby on Rails project website 
Script to scrap user comments from Reddit html files.
command line tool to validate project materials
Atom package to automatically copy selected text to the clipboard
This applications was written in order to experiment with the ways a JEE web application must be configured to successfully deploy it to various (free) cloud providers like Heroku or OpenShift.

Sample node app runing inside a Docker Container
stock management app for miniature model paints
A programming language intended to be fast, productive, and pleasant. Compiles using LLVM.
Github IO Pages Blog for Web Development
OAuth to SmartThings, hit an "API Access App", get JSON of all things.
Vagrant file and chef recipe for local development.
Nucleus plugin. Provides a sitemap for your website.
Class projects for NLP.
Node.JS app that generates newsletter from JSON data file
WordPress plugin that adds an XML-RPC method to check for updates (core, plugins, themes).
Vaporwave theme made for Tumblr blogs
minimal unit test framework
The HTTPS-Only Standard for federal domains (M-15-13), and helpful implementation guidance.
An opinionated blank starting set of HTML and CSS for students
backend api for segue
Feedly API written in the D programming language
A checkers game on a 4 x 4 board. The game has 3 modes which are player vs player, player vs easy AI and player vs hard AI. The reference board is for players to correctly select a piece.
Police your URLs!

A node module for interacting with Amazon S3. All functions use Bluebird promises. 
water meter data reporting over wireless link with nRF24L01 modules
Text transformations
A flexible content management system written in and for node.js
Source files used for data normalization and processing. 
Blackjack game coded in Java. The game has many unique features as it allows players to bet and it also calculates the probability of winning, losing and getting a card higher than 5 for the player. However, in this game, all the face cards have a value o
This is a repository which holds the tex-file of Diplomarbeit.
Documentation for ICT TAO-A
A node module for making bots that use the slack rtm api.
Boilerplate for spinning up new koa services
A powerful media player with additional tools and functions combined with a good-looking modern design.
Helpers for vagrant environment variable setting for docker apps.
A website for the Taylorview Stake Trek 2015
Performant WebRTC signalling server (written in Elixir)
A realtime single and multiplayer game build with node.js, pixi.js in HTML5
Pi-Powered VPN Client Gateway: installation documentation and related files.
Inject build information (like package version, SHA) into your Ember app.
This is go4maxsat, a MAX-SAT library for Go under MIT license.
containing kaldi scripts and files used in statical pattern recognition
Convenient way to store all your files(read configs) and folders(containing alot of configs) in one folder for version controll.
Create playlist from text file
android app for the Google Student Club
the eldarion.com blog app intended to be suitable for site-level company and project blogs
Arduino with Ethernet Shield sends data to remote server.
Just a beautiful, minimal photoblog solution in PHP.

Sample Project - Trying to figure out the how to send an email
Added infinite scrolling to wordpress plugin official-wordpress-events
Set of functions to mine and organize Riot's API
An open source tortoise robot.
Redis Docker container
A JSONWP test automation client for C++
This is an API for Arduino which support I2C communication. Using this library can scan to get the I2C messages get send a message to another device
N2O application skeleton based on http://blog.crashdump.io/hello-n2o.html
Bot scripts for RagesossBot, a Wikipedia bot that uses the pywikibot framework
HTML Class and ID completion for emacs by using ac-html.el and csswatcher projects
A POM with some common settings for Basis Technology open source components
Vim settings
Generate fake random data for fantasy-climate projects. Currently supports only Polish language.
Docker image based on baseimage-docker configuring syslog-ng to send log messages to Logentries.com.
Folder Monitor is an open source java application that monitors a folder for a specified file type and runs a command on that file.
stores all contact information including social network accounts
The main server side for the serverlist (used by Germanunkol/Affair).
Parsing out the exception handling information from a binary, for use in identifying the return address.
C# and WinForms wrapper for youtube-dl and ffmpeg for easy audio/video downloading
Mapping Islamicity of all World Countries and OIC members
For use with an Arduino IR Multiplexer shield. (https://oshpark.com/shared_projects/mLu4CjXF)
A java program that simulate the operation of a repair office
tools for GH development
Grad school portfolio
UIkit components built with React
library to serialize java objects to XML, json, php, yaml, python, ruby, ...
Manuscript for Intro-to-Probability
library for universalserialiser
Node module for getting your weatherdata from osanywhereweather
node.js custom template parser
The purpose of this program is to ask the user to input a series of characters.  The program will then determine whether or not the character is a part of the ASCII character set.  If it is not, the program will disregard the character.  Approved characte
Boxstarter and chocolatey configurations for Windows-based development machines
Filterjs is a client-side html element filterer with criteria
JavaScript NES emulator and emulation library.
A greenish blog theme for Middleman. Responsive, fast and pretty!
A lightweight client that pulls lyrics for the current track playing in Spotify
Open Source Android Artifact Parser
A python server that hosts a camera stream using OpenCV.
WPU Theme Customize
A JavaScript library for position HTML elements.
For libraries and other users of library electronic resources (databases). Collect COUNTER compliant usage statistics via SUSHI, analye, and report.
Web app to extract tables and attach search functionality
Aggregator style website created with Ruby on Rails. 
minimal script to help find script into de nse database

Android Calculator with Themes
starting structure for flux react app
Tkgui/Othello game logic written for ICS 32 at UC Irvine
LaTeX Report and Thesis Template
Tiny app for serving up a random video intro. Intended for use with Plex.
Homebrew Pong-like game for the Nintendo DS
Ninefold implementation of the Mybema free online community platform
a multi-platform source code translation language and tool
repository to keep track of Ez3D Phoenix parts and upgrades. For all to use. 
vim support for efene
Routing crazy with PHP..
2015 ESUC website
Given locations of roads and intersections as points this program draws a map and is capable of finding the shortest distance between 2 points. Completed in Spring 2014. 
Object Oriented WordPress Plugin
Grab the passwords of all encrypted email accounts the Zimbra server
Node.js API helper module
Chromium Embedded Framework Submodule
Mobile Application Development - WINTER 2015
A C++ container with automatic unlocking, concurrent reads, and deadlock prevention.
Client and Server source code
The website to accompany the Stanford Open Source Academy's Spring 2015 session SWI-Prolog group
Scoped style sheets as a web component.
server component for dreams and stuff mobile app
An implementation of a poker AI agent
iPhone Map App
Scripts to install and run ansible to provision any machines and allow development with vagrant
So far this is a generic game engine built with Ogre3D, Bullet Physics, SDL and Raknet. It is built around a component system and uses messaging between components. I aim to build a first person shooter with it that draws inspiration from Halo/Call of Dut
blog app based on rails guides docs
C#-like lists in C++
Browser based video player featuring support for drag and drop of files (and subtitles)

A Docker container for running iperf3 in client or server mode

Project to try to figure out and do something with an Intel P8085 processor that I salvaged. Building a minimal 8-bit computer.
Game of Life in Clojure
A plugin for TeamCity to allow automatic agent authorization based on a token configured in agent's buildAgent.properties file.
UIViewController category that provides safe iOS7 compatible access to UITraitCollection object by exposing new property mbTraitCollection on a UIViewController.
:thumbsdown: [Deprecated] The 6to5 formatter for library authors.
Hubot used in #joind.in on freenode
Dropbox helper for removable drive management
An application to automate source codes online 
A plugin for coverage.py to measure Django template execution
Dynamic data tables
[Deprecated] [iOS] Flick in a scrollable area in Jailbroken iOS to scroll to that point (concept: http://simurai.com/blog/2012/09/13/flick-scrolling/).

Helper for Algorithm Competitions
Convert Chrome extension locale and manifest files Firefox compatible ones
Chinese Text Segmentation Data for jiebaR Package
A Mongo storage provider for the PropertyGraph.jl package
Javascript implementation of macaroons
Angular text and textarea fields implemented using contenteditable attribute.
Docker image to run DB2 LUW
A patience card game to play in the browser.
SikuliX version 2.0.0 to be released in 2016
RabbitVnc is a cross-platform remote control library and program vnc-based.
Work with spotternetwork locations
IRC server Docker image with config.
Program that aids the user with time management, User clocks on and off from selected tasks and usage statistics are generated to help provide insight on where time was spent.
ELKI Data Mining Toolkit
I was tired of all the services that made you pay to host a portfolio.
Break unbreakable blocks like a CEO
An application (Epichrome.app) and Chrome extension (Epichrome Helper) to create and use Chrome-based SSBs on Mac OSX.
The MQTT client for Node.js and the browser

Template for Gulp
This extension allows you to resize/rotate images from Caja.
Source code of the http://nantesparcours.lafamillebn.net web site
Stenogram site
next version of the git-scm.com site
A graphing utility for Moodle, see the provided documentation for this exciting plugin for Moodle
iOS OAuth2 Library for TheKey
Batyr is a web application that can be used to improve listening skills.
This is an Android app called Iterative App
/dev/null equivalent of connect-session

Adroid version for the Sage Firefox extension
Deploy your Ember-CLI app using Maven
A plugin framework to perform image capturing,  colour extraction, post processing and colour output - primarily  for use with lighting systems such as for ambient lighting.


Modulo's Open Distributed SCAP Infrastructure Collector, or modSIC, makes it easier for security analysts to scan an environment vulnerabilities based on OVAL-Definitions. It's an open-source service specialized in distributed network assessments.

Caputure screen to video file on mac. Implementation of Apple's OpenGL example code with GUI and ability to caputure mouse movements added. Can choose export format, codec, and quality. (Cocoa - Apple Mac OSX 10.5.8 - XCode 3.2 Project)
Sandglass REST API based time tracking application
Open Source Chat Bot for Twitch and Beam
Puppet module to install php5
Conxugalego iOS
Simplize using fusionchart free in ruby on rails
Open Source GitHub Chrome Extension.
Official repo is in bitbucket: https://bitbucket.org/sillsdev/l10nsharp
An automated tool for importing media files in Open Access articles into Wikimedia Commons

PHP script to respond to git hooks and does a pull command when a specified branch is updated. Then emails will be sent to committer to know that the server has their changes now.

C# application that analyses packets captured from network using libpcap/WinPcap
Rsync SNApshot baCKUP transfer and replication tools
Aptible's Support and Documentation Site
reCAPTCHA4net allows to easily integrate the latest version of Google reCAPTCHA API into ASP.NET web application (both Web Forms and ASP.NET MVC are supported).
The !CHAOS project, an INFN (www.infn.it - Italian National Institute of Nuclear Physics) project, is aiming at the development of a new concept of control system and data acquisition framework providing, with a high level of abstraction, all the services
jeen github page
DEPRECATED: Tools for Documenting JS (and Friends) with Sphinx
Persistent database for Node.js/NW.js/Electron with MongoDB/Mongoose-like features and interface on top of LevelUp
An improved ft command for Vim

A content slider module for Contao CMS using StoutLabs JS Slider
E-commerce prototype using Rails for store front with adding features, using Magento for product data store and order processing
Create a recurring date and query it to see if it lands on a particular date.
HTTP Live Streaming (pending)
Implementation of a Scheme parser as per the book "Write yourself a Scheme in 48 hours"
Text and Glory
Source app for Bloc Chat project using Firebase
This component provides pose data for a tracked object in the qualisys motion  tracking system. It uses a TCP connection to the QTM server to transfer live  tracking data
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/search-url-swing-nb-app
JavaScript Valence SDK
sneaksync program to synchronize large files sets using a smaller cloud-based shared directory (like dropbox)
Just a quick PHP function for changing different steam IDs around.
A high-level library for traversing the OS storage model.
Skia is a complete 2D graphic library for drawing Text, Geometries, and Images
\N
Node library for interfacing with Api Axle
A plugin template for WordPress. Initialize a new plugin, build, and include desired libraries.
Compute community variograms, carry out null modeling, and and graph results
A gem to automate builds & deploys for Android, iOS and web apps
A PHP 5.3 library for creating an EventSource stream.
Phase2 Tools
A jQuery plugin to build a website on the infinite canvas
Web application in RoR that manages GPX treks and geotagged pictures
[Magento Extension] It allows frontend developer to send ajax requests and return a custom information from the server without a php developer help (without any php code).

Nibiru Mobile is a framework for developing portable mobile applications created at Oxen.
DomainMOD is an open source application written in PHP & MySQL used to manage your domains and other internet assets in a central location. DomainMOD also includes a Data Warehouse framework that allows you to import your web server data so that you can v
JQuery datatables.net implementation in CodeIgniter
An extension for Joomla! that put on your site a floating box, that contains social media buttons. The extension also puts buttons into the articles.
A Joomla! extension that add a Facebook Like Box on the web site.
RapidMiner Extension for Anomaly Detection
2015 Election Analyser
Maven HTMLCompressor Plugin allows to compress HTML/XML files by adding a few lines to the pom file.
A php class for creating trees from database rows.
Provides a calculated due date for new issues created in redmine
Liquid Galaxy Support Library Activity
Projeto de tradutor do Script JNS para linguagem NCL
This is a free APi to create dinamically QR Codes. Support several types of images like PNG, SVG, EPS.
A responsive, event-driven dropdown menu jQuery plugin

Appearance Is Everything - Advanced appearance themes for the Qooxdoo JavaScript Framework
A plugin for wordpress to show videos with Flowplayer5
Translates the JSON API data into C# workable data.
A fully functional project configured with spring, spring security, REST (with Jersey) and Hibernate. The intent is to provide a bootstrap for this configuration.
Not just the fastest Admin finder
jQuery based tool to sort items into containers with some additional bells and whistles to make the whole process smoother and more intuitive
An extension to display histograms for images
PegLite implementation for Ruby
desktop (growl) / mobile (prowl) new mail notification for your outlook web app when stupid company policy disables POP3 / IMAP
DEPRECATED! (Not supported + code base is not so good) Need to work with vk.com in your Android app? Just use Android-VK-Api library!
Multimedia Fusion 2 extension to create, manipulate and store tile-based data.
I'm new in ruby scripts! Just say stop siri proxy or stopp siri proxy and your siri proxy will stop immidiatley.
Restlet Framework for JavaScript
HTML version of Finicky for eventual use with Phonegap.
Time Machine is a neat way to visualize the development of a web projected tracked with git.
Yii extension for sending emails with layouts using PHPMailer
Ejemplo de llamadas entre actividades en Android - FINISHED
A revised version of sig2dot (creating PGP signing web-of-trust-graphics) written in python.
content management system for Johnny Cheeseburger
Extending default Yii CClientScript class to use multiple subdomains for assets (scripts and stylesheets).
Web Application Framework for Node.js
[Deprecated! Use MenuItemKit instead] UIMenuItem with Image Support
[DEPRECATED] Write the templates in your Meteor Application using Handlebars and Jade instead of HTML and Handlebars
Images Lazy Load for jQuery
A Ruby on Rails web application for sharing iPhone panorama photos
A Vim color scheme based on Jason W Ryan's miromiro Vim color file and dark terminal color scheme.
Plugin to write WordPress themes w Object-Oriented Code and the Twig Template Engine
Justly Done - Open Source Productivity
This is a UILabel category which allows you to insert Emojis you use in Campfire, GitHub, Basecamp, Turntable.fm, Teambox, Trac and Flowdock without the need to calculate where to insert some UIImages representing the Emojis.
Reactive Extensions bindings for jQuery
A set of unix scripts I like to use
Version 2 of chorus, complete re-write, still in development, Considered pre-release and many things might change before first release.... 

a Web UI autotest framework based on Selenium and TestNg. Now the project has been moved to NetEase https://github.com/NetEase/Dagger
for iOS - Lion/XCode 4.5.2 version
Former home of phpspec docs - they can now be found in phpspec/phpspec
A library for dealing with SOAP requests and responses. We tear our hair out so you don't have to.
Mini identity server that queries your router to find out who's in the office
A little IRC bot that when asked nicely will tell you the names of the open cards in a list on a Trello board
On-the-fly processing framework for Node.js and MongoDB
Compiles upload C file and returns errors
Application to assist users in creating a guide for League of Legends
Packet capture (pcap) file parser written in pure javascript for Node.js
An Uru age database API and web tool
Vae Platform Local Development Environment
This is the source of the website at http://cytoplasm.somethingsido.com
C# Spotify Library
Rails form builder for generating forms using Twitter Bootstrap styling


A Backbone.Sync replacement for Lawnchair.js based JSON storage

Automated Functional Testing for ios based on Cucumber

Software Transactional Memory Implementation for the JVM
a plugin to add a reddit-style system of link sharing, commenting, and rating to WordPress

Bootstrap for WordPress Plugins
Tumblr API v2 implementation using Javascript and jQuery, with advanced search capabilities

Free MT4 trade copier - Metatrader4 EA software to copy all trades from one to one or more Metatrader4 terminals written in MQL4 language (*.mq4)
HBase-Writer is an extension to the Heritrix open source crawler written by the Internet Archive (http://crawler.archive.org/) that enables it to store crawled content directly into HBase tables.
Human Resources Management System
share files with your grandma


Extensible PHP framework using packages, internal events, resources and much more.

A script for versioned backups using rsync and hard links (or btrfs snapshots) to preserve space. Some advanced features are also available. A remote helper script in order to lock MySQL tables and/or use LVM snapshots as backup source, is also provided.
Smallish programs written to learn something.
Python port of git-svn-mirror utility written in Ruby by Eloy Duran.
A Polyglot Persistence Engine

this is not a HTTP request lib like the ones you see around, it is REAL BROWSAH!
Suite of tools for high speed programming in Python

a remote democracy system originally intended to enable remote participation for Occupy General Assemblies
Google Fonts in WebGL 3D
ObjC and Nu runtime browser. And then some.
The Artsy Engineering Open-Source Developers Blog
Orchestrate the requirements for Liferay as an OSGi Web Container

SwingLabs' pdf-renderer, pure Java PDF renderer. See also: www.javaworld.com/javaworld/jw-06-2008/jw-06-opensourcejava-pdf-renderer.html
vmstat-alike with IO load and dirty page backlog
QuickApps CMS pack de traduction multingue
Time-based statistics for Git/Hg repos
download, parse & store data from LR PacX ocean crossing
Dump and parse embedded certificates from Windows binaries
A debian package that can startup and shutdown Play applications from initd.
Liar's Dice IRC Bot in Node.js
A Node server environment for creating & managing data-driven sites using versatile data aggregation.
Some websites disallow pasting into password fields. This Safari extension fixes that misfeature.
Quickly discover which versions of rails all your apps are running
Whirr ElasticInbox Service Plugin
A web-based program to create and edit family trees
lit python implementation
Power Plant Game
web app framework

Tesselate is a jQuery plugin to create grid-based (Nivo Slider-like) image transition effects
Awesome Project Mentoring Group FM
FreeSWITCH Dynamic config files served by Innate + CouchDB
An reimplementation of the Snow Programming Language based on LLVM.

Fathr is a open PHP Framework with a CMS built on top - But you can of course just use the Framework itself. It is inspired by Codeigniter and CakePHP.

The mysql connection pooling module for a prefork server (like php). You can limit the number of connections by shariing connections bewteern a parent process and child processes
This is a starting point for creating a serve prototype using the less framework.
Emulate the summarizing of a URL the way Facebook does when you paste one in to your status updte.

A bootstrap file for an AWS AMI (should work for Cent OS as well).
Pf4wp is a framework to help develop plugins for WordPress.
A blog extension to N2Bootstrap
Fast poker hand evaluator written in c++/c
\N
Some reusable codes for iOS daily developing
A compiling version of Launcher 2 from the Android ICS source code
Tubalr's official iOS repo.
A set of helper functions I've been using in various XCode projects, abstracted for great good!
Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8 class to bind string with HTML bold tags in XAML application.
A Productive Environment - make/rake/ant/fab-like system with support for FOSD 
Upload data from standard input to Amazon Glacier. Save metadata on Amazon SimpleDB. Needs more testing and documentation.
Parses POST requests with Content-Type: 'application/xml' for consumption in your express app
Builds a resume from your LinkedIn profile using JasperSoft's tools
String matching algorithms, like using Brute force, Finite state machine, KMP, Shift_and, etc.
SOLID PHP & Code Smells - Part 1: Single Responsibility Principle Source

miltons-machine is an open source library of Ruby code primarily dedicated to the analysis and "practical" application of set theory for musical composition - as defined in the various contexts of 12 tone theory and its offshoots (e.g. Forte, Morris, Star
Bash ENV scripts
Pure Java implementation of ONCRPC/SUNRPC
A PHPUnit test case class with additional functionality.
visual tool for annotating observations of human actions
With this Dokuwiki plugin you can index and search your pages with an external Solr server
Run CasperJS Scripts/Functional Tests
Open source XML MVC framework for eXist-db
Experiment for using Nancy and WebKit.NET to create a windows desktop application using web technologies.
programming experiments
TwiGrid - datagrid built on top of Nette Framework
A library to use the nRF24L01+ with Arduino.
A text adventure game
A node.js module that turns an array of data into a graph in a pdf document. Uses gnuplot and ps2pdf.

Scripts for managing a collection of book reviews.
dotfiles of various tools
Or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Greenback
FreeMind Import for astah Plugin
A helper library for cgkit This provides some useful function to handle BVH animation format with cgkit

An implementation of the LiveReload 2.X server in Node.js
code commenting with text backend
A game based on the Atari classic Adventure

A category on UIView to create an instance with a block for its drawRect.
CRM-System
Assorted tools to handle RPG Maker 2000/2003 files
.NET/Mono library for multi-threading, including lock-free thread-safe collections.
Chrome extension for vk.com that hides unwanted posts.
Genealogical Research Support Tool
GeoTrellis is a geographic data processing engine for high performance applications.
Pull data about Places from the Factual API
PhoneGap Bonjour Plugin for iOS
Natural Language Processing Tools
SOM 3.2 XPO Trigger Class
slackbuild scripts for several packages
Offline wikipedia reader in HTML5/Javascript, with Firefox OS as the primary target
A node.js app that dynamically builds and serves JavaScript files
Bundle http://mainsms.ru/
Objective-C 2 parser for recurrent rules with ability to parse iCalendar RRULE format (from RFC 5545 spec). ported from https://github.com/skyporter/rrule_parser   Currently testing on iOS 5+- under  MIT License
Minecraft world converter for the Vanilla plugin on the Spout voxel platform.
poky for translation
A CLI game written in php
A free implementation of the Cisco ios/asa/catalyst command "begin" (similar to how egrep -i -A would work if you could specify <rest of lines> after -A) 
More Muc Than You Can Handle
\N
cache module for zencart - to be used with ZePLUF
a node.js library to do HTTP(S) requests the easy way
A plugin for importing raw SVG into the svg.js library
A class based programming DSL for Javascript


Online documentation for freistilbox
A javascript based database for local memory based storage of data or resources
Android skills planning and tracking application
code for setting up Planet Python India 
Implementation of Microsoft's Media Transfer Protocol (MTP)
A Zend Framework 2 website for the IGN Entertainment Engineering department.
Implementation of OAuth2 in JavaScript using CORS
This daemon enables you to make easy backups of your different systems. The clients are basically platform independent - as long as they support rsync.
Convertor for migration from PalmOS to Android



Http/Https benchmark tool
NoAgendaDashboard.com site source

ai intro assgn 1
Implementation of geocoder using SphinxSearch
Match plugin for jQuery.
A multi user realtime canvas application using Node.js and websockets using Socket.IO
rails template using bootstrap from twitter

\N

Ruby library for parsing files exported from Quickroute
Combines and minifies your CSS, LESS and JavaScript into one JavaScript file
Project 16

jQuery plugin to render an date-sorted html index with stats for any combination of repos for given Github users or individual repos. Useful for portfolios.

Party component


Create Github repositories from the command line.
Scala SBT plugin: dust, less and coffeescript compiler
New theme for Venture Cafe
open-source app for managing generalised "like" lists

A PHP Framework That Makes Beginner Happy
Rails Excel strategy to write xlsx files through writeexcel gem
Replaces a select element with a div that includes a list of links built from the select object options

Kohana Wrapper for the Bitly API
python xmpp test client
ecommerce website
A static asset manager for django, built on the assumption that statics are served using application code
Source for my blog.  Blog hosted on GitHub Pages at msgehard.github.com

tv guide with fast loading times
Attempt to rewrite the Arbore project using Vala


Rails plugin with DSL for performance testing.
C++ implementation of the card game shithead
Java class library that allow you to encrypt / decrypt a string or a file with many algorithms.
Specialized Job site for medical people
Matches translatable messages to text extracted from program screenshots
A Google Plus extension for docking YouTube videos.
Clojure URL web crawler.
a web app 4 make appointments and share your hair style!
Alternate version of WageTracker using SQLite instead of XML
Encargo de RBZ
A Ruby On Rails Based Kanban.
PHP WebSite for managing the arrival time hystory of a race
A supybot module that interfaces with Last.FM.
Remote backup tool written in Python 3
jQuery image gallery-like plugin to cycle through a set of images.
Ruby gem that scrapes gulesider.no. Can be used to lookup phone numbers
Very easy to use xml writer
iidenki for android
a wrapper gem for google closure library
A "spots" framework for Django. Allows the creation and maintenance of geo "spots" (lat/lng) with a neighborhood, city, state/province, and country. Warning: older code that is not actively used or maintained. 
A chess engine I wrote some time ago. I like chess and this seemed like a fun project. The engine isn't complete, it doesn't know about pawn promotions, and the AI isn't all that strong. But it does work, to some extent.
Library to compute probabilities and expected values in blackjack based on exact probabilistic analysis.
iOS project illustrating a weak reference issue with OCMock
Black Jack like game I made to learn Java
jQuery plugin for dynamically updated timestamps
A ZK component like JQuery Chosen
Event-based neural network simulator for pulse coupled neurons
FastPdfKit extension to add any content and interactivity over the page.
Automatically select audio and subtitle tracks, output format, and cropping for easy use of HandbrakeCLI
Refactor of IBM's (tm) hadoop filesystem to work with fuse4j
BBEdit package for the monkey programming language

Sample project developed in cakephp


Ruby approaches to Project Euler

Shell script that automate the installation of java tools
Replaces google search results forwarder links with original links
component tester

MVC Web Application Framework for NodeJS written in CoffeeScript
C++ code of tris game for network implemented with SDL

A less overengineered version of GitBchq.
android app to manage loudness of the ongs on your device
chef script to deploy IAB to EC2
Python implementation of the Lattice Wave Digital Filter
HTTP directory listing server
Lego version of the HTML5 Gendered Ad Remixer
A code igniter module for role based access which can also be based on groups
Liquid theme for Rusic's help buckets
This is a brand new app!
Library of commonly-used helper functions for Haskell
Java Trusted Native Client
Sikuli script to autplay the netflix "next episode" button.
\N
Brand new theme for the telestrekoza 2012
Use Ruby to convert numbers into Polish words
This project converts ASCII text to models to be displayed in programs using OpenGL ES running on Android 2.2
The github pages by tuvokki

Translation Error Rate (TER)

The ZedAPI Application.
An attempt to make the JIRA REST API accessible in PowerShell. Targeting mainly Jira 7.x
Logbot tails local log files to an IRC channel.

Jester is a Java micro Unit-Testing framework

Server side, Spring-based interface for handling data from Spotify scrobbler app
Tabletop engine in OCaml
Python code to cluster GPS tracking collar data.
hacky Scala/Jena blog engine


Yet Another Blog Engine


Seventh version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*
It is a jQuery Plugin

assignment task 2
some usefull shell script (ubuntu oriented)

Parallel Primes (P^2): a parallel implementation of a prime number generator
mixi page app sample using catalyst
\N





The code that powers denachtdienst.org a website where friends can share their music.
Prototype for google maps panorama overrides
rumble all-purpose data butler

 TemplateEngine2: completely PHP based templating system with a completely pluggable framework
Supports all three PS3 controllers via Bluetooth using the USB Host Shield from http://www.circuitsathome.com/ - This is the old version of the library. The newest one can be found at the following link: https://github.com/felis/USB_Host_Shield_2.0
Qt4 gui application generating plants using mathematical functions
Brightcove Media API wrapper gem
App from Sam Ruby's Agile Web Development with Rails
Tool for managing academics for college students. Manages their courses, keeps a track of attendance, grades, assignments and their respective deadlines.
given a list of airports, and a list of flight to and from those airports, FlightScheduler will find the shortest path from any airport to any other airport
Project to sync iTunes on the Mac to your Android phone

Open Source XHTML, CSS, PHP and Javascript for WordPress sites built by Loud Feed
A Responsive Boilerplate Theme for WordPress
A lightweight NBT file reader/writer library
easy newsletter system based on ruby on rails 3.1
Save client-side drafts for Omeka Admin
A disk cleanup tool that thoroughly scans your computer for unnecessary and invalid files no longer being used by the system. Removes items missed by Windows Disk Cleanup and popular tools like CCleaner.
Bash background exec. A daemonizing wrapper script for use with start-stop-daemon. Well... sometimes.

Academic project (fake distributed system entirely developed in python)
Random tools that come in handy
autotest-growl for pure network-based growls

A couchapp for dvdprofiler data
experiementation based on http://java.ociweb.com/mark/clojure/article.html
Nette component for fast creating mini calendar 
Web application for controlling SiliconDust hdhomerun devices.

\N
TreeJS is a framework-independent, javascript-enabled hierarchical table.
A tool to help people who take medication keep track of it. You can buy it for $5 on my website or if you're geeky enough, build it from source!

In this challenge you will work on a simulation problem with a hydrographic theme. You will be asked to progressively fill an underground cave with water. The cave sports a particular topography of rock formations that will affect the way in which the wat

backup from inception with photos update but disqus distorts
Android
fquit is a program that makes killing processes by name much more convenient under OSX
Script to discard all pending Mailman requests
\N
Swipe Gestures and Buttons added to Apples sample code on loading PDFs
Listagem de produtos



LocationReminder is an application where the user can store tasks connected to a specific location.
Fachschaft Tools Fachschaft Physik Marburg
Karpinski Practice Website
Wizard to generate TCOS thin client network boot images
Use markdown for outlining in vim
A Makefile template for compiling web sites

simulacion de perfil en flash
Sexy and Sex no like.

A Java console application playing "swimming game" (see http://www.pagat.com/commerce/schwim.html for an explanation)
blog
Oil Standard is a greasemonkey script that converts all US Dollar prices on every webpage into the equivalent value in barrels of oil, with a live price feed from the New York Mercantile Exchange. A commission of Turbulence.org.
A BrowserCMS module to integrate a google mini search appliance into CMS site.

A jQuery Plugin that allows different objects to move in a parallax motion around the page as it is scrolled.
Control principal y control de actitud

The Now app from Beginning Android 4
ConTeXt file for generating hanzi practice sheets
siri proxy first plugin dev
Home Automation Interface based on QT, using LUA for "script"
bash history collector.  Web (php/mysql) component plus bash functions
Machine Learning (6.867) project on differentiating written dialects of a language
Network Programming Assignment @SFC, 2011f


Tool to assist in the creation of ODF files, template-based for a magazine project at school.
Profile (aka. CV, Resume) generator for IT freelancers (multi-format, multi-language)




Extensiones de la anterior
Adventures With Ruby On Rails

Adds an invitation system to the wcf user profile system.



Importing CSV data file into an iOS app via email attachment
An Object Oriented File Class for C++
Open-Source Web Code Editor
Create electrode layout configurations on cortical surface
A utility script I used in conjunction with wget to get copyright information from a website.
Parse and extract data from Tracker files in the browser
OpenPGP implementation for Elgg 1.8
Calibrate a camera in C++ using OpenKraken. An exercise for IMAC (Engineering school). You select identical points in different photographies and the application finds the coordinates in 3d of these points. Useful !
Scripts to get Max OS X set up as a development machine
github page
Your task is to write a Logo-like program that is capable of producing ASCII art. You will be provided with an input file containing a list of commands which when parsed and executed should produce an ASCII drawing.
Esto es una prueba de github
Bind 9 Config.
A python module to work with molecular data related to Transcription Factors
Plugins for ImageJ created at the ESRF 
semestral work for MKR course (CTU FEE mobile and cooperative robotics course)
Projet du cours de compil

Scrubr contains a set of utilities to parse a payload against a definition. It can be used on it's own or it can be used as middleware for Connect.
Framecurve ruby gem for parsing/validating and other things
A geographical content management system as a DeepaMehta 4 module. A rewrite of Kiezatlas 1.6.


Provides a global persisted key value store for BrowserCMS that can be used to keep configuration key value pairs
a P2P file share tool, not finished yet
Submits your clipboard text to PasteBin.com and gives you the URL to the paste, doing everything without requiring you to open your web browser.
Set of components used to create a complete CMS dashboard.

python/libusb tool for reading images from fingerprint reader

max/msp based game sound engine

The Flash application that is used to access virtual worlds and games on the Bit Whirl platform.
SilverStripe module that easily allows adding of header image banners on CMS pages.

Encrypt your data with RSA using Javascript and decrypt it in appengine java
Scripts to install HPCC deps for build.
\N
XCP's bug reporting tool ported to Debian

Backup of all packages to install  a server with PHP, MySQL, PhpMyAdmin, ...




Simpla WordPress Theme with support for widgets
Java NuGet server

commonconcept.net rails edition
ASCII-art camera for android
Server for EGON NPP simulator
Juego de poker web
Twin Ion is a nodeJS-based game engine for SWCCG

hxtml is an HTML/CSS parser + renderer written in pure haXe


C# library for sending and receiving data over HTTP(S). Or a peon to do your HTTP bidding.
Server-side aggregator of RSS, email, tweets, google+, etc
Plataforma de entrenamiento de Ajedrez

Pull information about a Code Repository into your PHP application. (Okay, really just Git for now.)


PHP / Zend Framework sample code
Utileria para emitir Comprobantes con CBB
Git hosting tools

WordPress plugin using Custom Post Types, Custom Taxonomies and a "mini" custom admin interface. For adding and deleting "Quotes", this NOT the same as WordPress' Quote Post Format
A website for travellers.

Google Reader Watcher Firefox extension


Dijsktra, Bellman and task scheduling implementation in Java.
Automated Parameter Estimation and Model Selection Toolkit -- A fast MCMC implementation for Bayesian inference
Application for the Department of Recording Arts (Indiana University)
Flex client for PowerU 
Web app for financial management
Open Source by Alfa Janog site

Controle de eventos e atividades do M
Rails Backend for Google Chrome HTTP Status Code Lookup Extension
Practicing Rails, Sass, TDD, etc.
sample application
NOTE: Has moved to: https://github.com/amplify91/RAW-Gdx
[experiment] Sinatra-based application for rubyinstaller.org website (WiP)
coscms vote up / down module using jquery
A library supporting an Smalltalk translation of ML-style sum and product types, with Scala-style extractors..
Ruby client for 88pages
Our Server for the Warlords of Hell Runescape Private Server Project Developed by DarkSlayerz (Mostly Server work) and Three Omar (Mostly Client Work) and WTF Ur Zerk for some help and Harlan is getting he's credits aswell.



Jen and Patrik's wedding site

A GUI Application for Linux that show SMS Messages from the SMS Message Backup Android App
Davy Crockett tracks users as they navigate your website
Quickly evaluates distance when travelling between 2 or more addresses stored in contacts.
Node.js data and content management platform with plugin and component architecture
School related work
Cluster Control 2
Python helper classes to access CouchDB
Doggone is an online tool for finding dogs. Or something like that.

javascript army list editor engine for all ArmyCalc apps to use.
A group chat web-app utilizing Google App Engine and GWT/Sencha GXT
Code to run the custom Two Photon microscope built by the Functional Optical Imagain Lab at University of Texas (BME dept)
Boilerplate setup for App Engine using Go
A Rails-based web service for collecting SMS-based experience sampling data


Quick scaffolding of new .net class libraries and web projects using PowerShell.
A web based powerpoint presentation project using impress.js library 
Child Day Care program for Belgium (techniques: WPF, Caliburn, WCF, CQRS, OData)
The sequal to the best worst game ever.
Web::Hippie long-poll client for ActionScript3
Mozilla: Common BIPostal storage libraries
[WordPress Plugin] Move your Pages/Posts/Custom Post Type admin links from the sidebar to a Content menu that nests everything where it should be
Tempi is a dataflow programming C++ library aimed at multimodal sampling.


Theme drupal pour CG - D6

Sublime Text 2 package of snippets for node/async
An XSLT-based visualizer for CMLComp documents
Rdefs is a tiny Ruby script that extracts class, module, method, attribute definitions from a given Ruby source code.
Python implementation of Efron, Turnbull, and Narasimhan's R function locfdr v1.1-7, which computes local false discovery rates. See http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/locfdr/ for more information.
grails application for the storage of a/v metadata
Various tools and configs usable for OpenIndiana mirrors


Mechanism to crop the pix-area from pixed images

A set of utilities for the play! framework
Web API server which expands multiple shortened URLs recursively.
(obsolete, unmaintained) tsung config generator
Java bindings for MEI
Our internal forge system for CMSMS related projects.
Site for tracking Wizard (or any game) scores over time
solver for bubble blast 2 game on android
sblgnt greek data api written in go
A bot to go through public github repos, apply universal changes like security fixes, and issue a pull request to pull the changes in. Written in Scala.
Vim Configs and Plugins for porting across machines
[unfinished] Identify and fix missing declarations in ObjC source
The helper is a library where a specific function can do in plug and play.
Python API for accessing Aleph library systems
Contented aims to be an exceptionally stable and well-tested Rails app to serve as a basis for launching new apps (particularly ones that need content such as a blog, etc.) quickly without having to reinvent the wheel every time.

This is a php command line tool for getting data from www.getclicky.com. It uses the Clicky API and downloads the data in batches.

Tools for the role playing games master.
Paster template for creating your pycms site
When this grows up, it will be an Android client for Transport for London's bus countdown system.
A static-file Markdown blogging engine.
Providing consistent APIs for interacting with your DirecTV Set-Top-Box (STB), because someone had to do it.
A starter kit to create applications with grails using OAuth 2.0 and Google as provider

Tupi is an open/free 2D animation software based on usability, a friendly user experience and community values. Every human is an artist :)
protos-sip : SIP test suite to evaluate implementation level security and robustness of Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) implementations
A set of C++ libraries based on different premises than the STL/Boost libraries
A command line tool for contact management, in python, with optional git-syncing
A Gravity Force / Turbo Raketti / Thrust game clone and platform
Plugin for chat adminf of Tlen.pl a Polish - wide Instant Messenger
HTTPS Everywhere is a Firefox and Chrome extension that encrypts your communications with many major websites, making your browsing more secure.
The files for michaelballphoto.com
Playing with DCI in Ruby
A BSON serialization library for Objective-C
Emacs.d setting for HTML / CSS / JS programming
Java Library for FullContact API
A python script which leverages git to help you organize and archive your openFrameworks projects.
An extension of the mustache text template engine for .NET.

Python script to convert SVG to points, and then to CDFs and the like.
UBBMarkup makes mixing PHP and HTML easy by staying in the world of PHP. Think of UBBMarkup as a print() function especially for html.

irclogger for app engine
A project for TEDx labs, this source was used to create a Bop-It style game using fruit as touch sensors.

App for controlling various stuff at the GR8 venue
A Ruby library for PNM image files (PBM, PGM, PPM)
YUI module to display images from a Flickr photo set in a carousel
Integrates Josh Sullivan's CSS3 Progress Bars into Rails 3.1+ Projects.
An open-source, cross-platform, 3D graphics and game-development framework using Haxe/Lime
Code for the redesign of www.holyfireministries.com
Useful automation scripts. Mostly in Python... and Ruby
quick-and-dirty android library for OpenDataKit/JavaRosa forms.  Only supports input text and selections so far, but it's a work in progress
Make animations with dialog and sound using pure HTML5
A home automation- and control system accessible via phone (DTMF).
Sinatra::Mapping extension is a minimal module that is useful for create map names for Sinatra web application.
Node web page preview

Dashing-weather allows you to generate weather widgets and jobs for Dashing, the incredibly handsome dashboard framework
Minebot re-written in C#.
Statistical Machine Translation implementation with Python: especially IBM Model1, 2, and phrase-based machine translation.
Arduino Libraries used in the RoboRover project
Standalone orgmode blog exporter.
Device files for Google Galaxy Nexus (GSM)
Repo for educational labs using a Digilent Nexys 3 FPGA card
Code for Princeton Class websites.
Parser written in python generating Mininet python topologies from Internet Topology Zoo .graphml files.
Adds some enhancements to rdio.
Native Javascript SNMP library for Node.js
a pseudo wiki build wih git and some markdown rendering
A Google Appengine project template using zc.buildout
Online version of multiplayer arcade game Zatacka
Make your sharing widget! Sharrre is a jQuery plugin that allows you to create nice widgets sharing for Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus (with PHP script) and more.
sobriquet is a name generator built in Javascript and based on Markov Chains
Async control flow library for Node.js and the browser.

[UNMAINTAINED] A JavaScript type checking/casting library
The UI Automation COM-to-.NET Adapter makes it possible to use the new Windows Automation API 3.0 COM interfaces, with their improved reliability and performance, while still using the same System.Windows.Automation classes as in earlier versions of UI Au
Simple-to-use C/C++ library to play PC-98 PMD chiptunes
customizations of Omeka Berlin theme
surplus water allocation system created with codeigniter and bootstrap
A set of R scripts for automated horse racing actions
UITextView subclass which displays a suffix after editable text and a placeholder.
Declarative data-binding for React based on MarsDB. Inspired by Relay
LocalStorage storage implementation for MarsDB
LocalForage storage implementation for MarsDB
Creating an application using C#, Password manager.
Reactive Programming for Scala and Scala.js (former Monifu).
app academy prep blogger
Easy to use Espresso contributions for UI Testing with Realm components (RealmRecyclerView, etc) 
Enhanced Version of the jQuery Cookie plugin that uses HTML5's localStorage feature and that support chunking of values in multiple cookies to save big size content.
GoEuro API Project
website src for GoGrinder
This is the Git repo of the Docker image for the Debian 4.0 etch i386 (32bit)
This is an additional module for Stab which lets you use Github-comments on your own hosted copy of Stab.
An app producing random quotes and pieces of advice about graduating.
Re-creation of the Gliese 876 system
Sponge API v2.1
Android application to help communication via pictures
Full-stack web app inspired by Meetup built on Rails, React/Flux, jQuery, HTML/CSS
The dot grid planner builder using react (and devise)
Framework to print data in a text table
Combine & Compress CSS & JS Files the easy way
Returns a list of photo projects contained in a mongo db
RxJS-flavored version of HTTP fetch API for node.js
helper for tkinter
This a beta ftp written in python. 
A web framework to host media files released under a permissive license.

AI agents that are built based on the game Antics, used in the AI class at the University of Portland
A collection of tools for internationalizing Python applications
Node/JS/Socket - A Fan Project (to be used as a compliment to the Spyfall game, but not endorsed by Alexandr Ushan or the publisher Hobby World)
Api to app android
Built using HTML5/CSS3/JQuery
Create data frames based on iGraph graphs
Diff the database state with pre-generated fixtures, for testing.
A cli-based deployment tool for Proxmox
Blaze select input component to use with the Inspinia Bootstrap Admin Theme
UI, UX design and Front-end development of an internal web application
This gamemode starts out like Secret Teams where no teams are colored but when someone gets a kill however their color is shown on tab you would have to find out teams by people getting kills.
Gives text a typewritter effect.
PDF File Fixing Tool
Eclipse projects to create the update-site and the generated output
Generic skeleton for turn-based games written using Cinch
websocket helpers for rails, http://maxpleaner.github.io/socket_helpers
Create, compile and run tasks across a cluster with minimal setup.
Redirect images url from http to relative path
An engine that keeps track of concurrent edits on a file
This is a C version of the SCF code found in Appendix B of Modern Quantum Chemistry, An Introduction to Electronic Structure Theory by A. Szabo and N. Ostlund. I have included a built executable "scf_basic_version_1_0" and an output file called "out" whic
As a hockey fan programer, I am going to download huge amount images with the image's name(often its the name of nhl plaer) saved automatic to specific directory.

Ansible scripts for cPanel Deployment
Python Program that will convert a (just about) any CSV file to a QIF file
new project site
A Java applet that renders tiles in chunks with zoom and window movement functionality
Remote copy of folders/files using socket.io
Plugin for GitBooks that provides analytics (via Clicky) for your documentation.
System path updator for Windows
Generate a podcast RSS feed from files stored in Azure Blob Storage
 an XS module with nothing but translateObj

Java ILP is a simplified java interface to (mixed) integer linear programming solvers like, e.g., lp_solve, Glpk, SAT4J (0-1 ILP), CPLEX, or Mosek.
randomadventure is a really badly coded Python script, that will pick a random episode of Adventure Time and open the episode for streaming, using a popular streaming/file indexing website.
Second version of the SAFE Network's Potential Apps Website
LvL 99 Lua scripts backup.
rancher-agent for RancherOS + SpotInst.com with a #cloud-config user data.

returns link created for adding to front page
A school notice board type thing.
Runs a set of tests against an API defined in apidoc to ensure consistency
Adds interface options for interacting with the V8 developer tools.
A configurable framework for building a geographic "data dashboard" from a GeoJSON file.
Widget for the OCTranspo android application. Consumes OCTranspo web API
This program takes in an array of stock prices, one for each hypothetical day and returns a pair of days representing the best day to buy and the best day to sell. Days start at 0.
A C++ conversion and quality overhaul of some android tools used with RockChip image files.
Hybrid Mobile App using Visual Studio Tools for Apache Cordova + Kendo UI
A list of recipes to testing your React code
Horizontal and vertical scrollbars designed for the canvases - specifically, the tkinter library of Python 3.5. However, if the tkinter specific commands were changed it could easily be used for other canvas based objects as the theory behind the GUI is t
C# classes for generating SemanticUI elements
A class selection system for students at Cal Poly Pomona.
In-memory cache to retrieve and set values based promise resolution.
A program made for my school CS class that allows you to build a logic gate circuit and execute it using the console, written in Java.
Photobooth app made using polymer library
Dig yourself a little web project with preconfigured build and test processes.
Android Studio Game Development by j DiMarzio
A Haskell API to google Sheets 
Implements Kruskal's algorithm for finding the Minimum Spanning Tree (MST) of a graph in Racket (specifically in Advanced Student Language). The graph API is also contained in this file.
Web page for exploring the complete graph on 64 vertices.  This graph has 2016 edges.  Happy New Year
emacs settings for C, C++, html, node.js, ...
:shell: Script to configure SSN wifi proxy settings in ubuntu
Open Source DLP/SLA Host control and slicing application, inspired by projectlayer, using Slic3r for slicing.
Override Python dict contents with YAML file and/or environment variables
Return a clean list from a comma separated values string
A cli-wrapper for Media Player Classic: Home Cinema's remote web interface using Python
Text compression and decompression using huffman algorithm.
A free, portable subset of the C standard library
Python 3D step to 2D gcode converter
Barebones Symfony3 framework - a micro framework which can grow into a full framework
Helper provider to assist in general crud functions of a restful controller
Have you uploaded any sensitive data to your Box account, credit card numbers, social security numbers, phone numbers?? Well Lets Find out!!

Bootstrap web site for NQI
Emulate In-memory storage like database

A Nukkit plugin which adds some useful commands in game like '/sethome'
Plugin for IntelliJ that helps you do pair programming.
Test-Driven Development, from the very beginning, with Python (Django app)
Using PHP to generate a social network web application; MySQL was used in the back-end.
Jive Tile functionality implemented using ActiveRecord


Integrates the SITS Vision student information system with Moodle 2.x
Rails 4 in Action: ticketee application
An intuitive, action-based, chainable helper library for Protractor
A CCNet trigger plugin created to respond to Github's web hooks.
A tool for generating dxf files for laser cut cases (Arduino, RaspPi, etc...)
Plugin for unicode character entry in Sublime Text, targeted at LuaTeX.
Server & client software for Firewall Cafe
Sails.js Realtime MVC Framework for Node.js
Source code for "Unsupervised Lexicon Discovery from Acoustic Input ", Lee et al, 2015 TACL
Game created for a 48 hour game jam with friends in June of 2015
C++ Custom RTTI Class
Using NodeJS and Express, I can make asynchronous requests to an API to determine the average number of students who attended class today (25 or older)
Modified ghost default theme.
Mac OS Installation Helper is a tool to that can help you install Mac OS to any supported laptops.
Kaggle competition CIFAR-10 - Object Recognition in Images (https://www.kaggle.com/c/cifar-10)
Scan a CSV file and output a Postgres Schema
Various scripts for solving problems in 2D and 3D CG and some other stuff
Himesama is a YhavaScript library for building user interfaces.  Its just like React, except components re-render in response to a single global state (like in redux) rather than states distributed to each component.
Bitcoin elasticsearch data harvesting tool for Bitfinex 
a Angular2 Startup app

A repository that contains Minecraft PE's ModPE Scripts, Addons, and more
Installer for the open fpga toolset for Lattice processors. This tool has been created so that it can be translated to any languages.
Redactor plugin for copy formatting of text in editor and applying to another text in editor
Markdown editor with live previewer built in React.js (react-markdown, babel ES6 to react components, webpacker, eslint)
Detect new flash player version
Locates all files in directory hierarchy that match some criteria
EMCA: yet another ACME client
iOS apps and Android apps, BlackBerry apps with similar functionality.

Python project using LastFM and Spotify APIs that allows user to create Spotify playlist with their LastFM loved tracks.
Instant Messaging Application
A RESTful API + websockets framework for managing containers over a set of Docker Nodes. 
Frontend only movies list app
website at karlludwigsen.com
My second attempt at a tower defense game
Its a kind of toolkit to track the exception arising in the application and it will generate a json and can upload in your server using your own post url.
SAKURA Cloud API client for Go
Mariadb docker image with some customizable variables.
ios objective-c code snippets and plugin for Xcode
A custom extension to the Mocha BDD UI to support RxJs5 marble tests
Using OpenCV 2411 and RxJava implement a rectangle detection Android App

Rapidly develop your API client - based on rapidash
A free framework for Unity that will help drastically increase the development speed and feature set of your games.
A NodeJs module that handles window management for Electron (Atom Shell, previously).
Plethora is an open-source PHP framework which gives a set of tools to create web-applications.
The data upload tool for SwitchON, based on the JQuery File Upload and the Flask File Upload tool.
Height from Photometric Ratio with Model-based Light Source Selection
A Command Line Utility made in Python that downloads subtitles for a Video File using its Hash and then opens VLC Media Player with the Subtitle Loaded.
Front-End JavaScript Frameworks: AngularJS from HK University
Old school project, for a connect-4 solver and AI.
Donkey Kong  terminal game  written in python 
Openframeworks app for algorithm testing
Edit role names and choose which profile fields that should be entered on registration
Flask-powered responsive version of the web site for Curves+.
Server for storing touch data received from Android devices with touchlogger installed on



Pyed is the abbreviation of Python Event Driver. It offers user a rapid development for a event system using tcpserver, timer etcd
A koa middleware works as development server for webpack.
Aqua Theme for Bludit
Forge Elements are custom elements for use with development and debugging web and nativeweb applications.
Android Application for TotoCafe 
A general-purpose scene editor for the Panda3D open-source game engine
Web Server Log Manager is a software developed with on demand Reporting is to maintain the network traffic details in a log file,which derives indicators about who, when and how a web server is visited.
RideSafePk is Android app like uber with WCF web service in visual studio 2013
ICE.GS new theme.
A generated polymer library with the vaadin api-generator https://github.com/vaadin/gwt-api-generator
Flat-file content management build with and for the Yii2 framework.
Flatten a set of possibly self-intersecting polygons, yielding a set of non-intersecting polygons
This is a Python software that tries to read and work data from a SAP SQL Database extraction
Back-up to your Stack storage
Translation module for meteor astronomy
webGL gaming engine
detect if new JRE for windows is available
Raspbian docker images
Build scripts for Chromium Snapdragon (customized a bit)
Wordpress Theme for BD Guide
Play steam games inside a docker container.
A tool to help find the best product by comparing features, price etc...
Contains whole scripts which has been made by me
Yet another implementation of sidebar menu, but here your menu appears over the top view controller.
A Super Mario project developed in C for the university TUHH in Germany
Streaming data from a Node server to draw a dynamical heatmap with Maperial.js

https://tools.wmflabs.org/contact
Script for reading binary .chn files from Ortec detectors
A backup tool for GitHub repositories
Generic C Vector and Generic C HashSet.


A command line tool for managing font data on a single svg file

Routes HTTP Requests to AWS Lambda
Library for Hokuyo laser in Java
A Laravel Application for storing all your contacts
npm install react-native-pageview
PHP package for encrypting and decrypting files
rails-dev docker-image w/ related gem bundled
yet another modal dialogs for your angular application
Sponge plugin that handles some things for the server The Unknown.
Common Plugin for DotoQuiz
Python script to generate an iCal calendar from the GDQ schedule
a go version sockfile https://github.com/Steveice10/sockfile
Trying to solve problems in this challenge,http://cryptopals.com/
Google App Invites for React Native
GDB plugin to dump SECCOMP rules set via prctnl(PR_SET_SECCOMP, SECCOMP_MODE_FILTER)


Javascript based web app uses d3 library for representing languages used by user on repositories
Create a Unix-like permissions string from an `fs.stat` file or directory `mode`, eg `0777`to `-rwxrwxrwx`
some useful coding skill
Simulation of a totally asymmetric attractive interacting particle system
WordPress site for http://www.schome.org/. License required for theme (templatemonster.com 52176).
A Google Chrome extension for WorkFlowy to add markdown support and syntax highlighting in notes
This is the Git repo of the Docker image for the Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid i386 (32bit)
Phoenix Framework with Webpack
A python script to retrieve current weather and forecast data from openweathermap.org for your current position as well as any city arroudn the world. The Data can be loaded in a conky config file.
ToDo List using MEAN Stack + AngularJS
Mirror-based reflection for Objective-C
Chatbot reply generator written in Python
Easy linkable nginx Docker-Container
A helper for organising Our Christian Life And Ministry Meeting

minimal paypal php app
Chatbot plugin for Indigo Server
Converting Meteors Todo tutorial to typescript while using react for rendering
Blog develop by php
scripts and configuration of the ledger-cli
c program to play files in subdirectories in random order
Some go code.


Vue BEM Directive - A vue.js directive for automatic BEM class generation when creating components. A very rough example can be found here: https://jsfiddle.net/at1h1z1z/6/


Automatic dependencies version checker (NodeJS)
Add a Center To My Position button like available on Google Maps
Python code to read and process FASTQ formatted files
A django app to be used with django_netjsongraph to show network stats
Application for taking notes, written in rails.

Cloud Block Storage as a Service
A python useful tool for system administrators and malicious people :)
express view engine for partial react views
tools for playing streams and embedded videos live on the raspberry pi.
Morra game built for a project in the university
HTML5 Clock jQuery Plugin
Web Rails Project for Professional Services Platform
A Jekyll theme based on the super minimal Milligram CSS Framework
A python script helping keeping track of TODOs added to code on current branch.
This is a universal and public program for the management of homeless shelters

Automatically created docker image for php
Makes it easy to require one or more checkboxes using declarative data attributes.
Provides functions to create histogram from Bitmap images.
A JavaScript library to work with weather information and forecasts data provided by Open Weather Map.
A storage application for malt and hops built in Django.
Android implementation of Conway's Game of Life using AnimatedVectorDrawables

 A Traybar Application for WhatsApp written in C++
Android App to display Google Calendar on a Nook eReader

Golang utility class KeyLock: lock by string key, so as to avoid giant lock
ChicagoBoss & Mnesia based blog application
A helper Android library to extend a Map class to make it multi-key.
Blog system built on Node.JS using LEAF framework for front end design.
Static analysis tools for template languages
Some java project templates for quick starts.
Lightweight framework for old-school RPG GUI in web!
JavaScript/HTML5 canvas game

Mallow Locker - LockScreen Based on Marshmallow LockScreen Stock                            | Status of the Project: Stable .
TuxMath is an arcade game that helps people practice their math facts.
Arch install script

Maven plugin which performs a REST POST request with datafile payload and saves the results to a file
You don't know Jack.
An implementation of Ant Colony System in Java
Recipes how to use assemble (v0.7.0+)


R helper package for creating, manipulating, and visualizing Atlantis input files and data
A Python script to help you write more human readable config files for TextMate
Some scripts for the atom code editor
A MongoDB storage driver for Botkit
Chrome extension to prevent you from scrolling down on Facebook too much
VS 2015 syntax highlighting for Lolcode

Qoode github-pages website
Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Magento module to disable customer registration through the disallowRegistration method
Scabbia2 Config Component
Scabbia2 Events Component
Matlab implementation of the Bayesian Fuzzy Clustering algorithms.  See related paper, doi: 10.1109/TFUZZ.2014.2370676
Scabbia2 LightStack Component
Scabbia2 Scanners Component
Scabbia2 Tasks Component
Scabbia2 Helpers Component
Scabbia2 Services Component
Scabbia2 Testing Component
Datatables with Angular module for Norad Framework

A software to create 3D models for key blanks, bumpkeys and regular keys
A Web Application to Find Value of Pi
Blogging Web App in CodeIgniter (Php Framework)
Some docker images and convenience scripts for g-2 development


Magento module to disable customer registration through the disallowRegistration method
Python scripts from the 'Raspberry Pi Cookbook for Python Programmers' Tim Cox (2014)
Middleware providing a crispy fresh cache for HTTP responses.
A bunch of self-hosted services packed into one Docker host
Pinball controller based on TivaC eval. board compatible with the `Mission Pinball` API
Backup scripts using DAR


Be a library hijacker: using LD_PRELOAD for setting safe home-made memcpy
Rust foreign function (FFI) bindings for the MTBL C library
CV3 is an eCommerce platform. This serves to act as an additional resource for personal use. If it helps you, enjoy.
Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Control you Nec LCD monitor from a Unix command line
Library and multi-object file format for storing and managing data between machines, https://www.hdfgroup.org/products/hdf4/
Poulsbopete.com code
Create a library with webpack to be used by bower
A boilerplate for creating ES6 graphical applications. Includes babel, localhost serving and packaging as a node-webkit app
Time tracking C++/Qt application
A website which states your geolocation

The deployed website

Text Mining with Java tf-idf and more
An easy-to-use library to resolve dependencies in a dependency tree
Manage your personal Budget on your own server
A toolbox for (micro)benchmarking of C programs on x86_64.

This is the game board game Othello
The Ninja Tracker application created by following Meteor + React
Business Support System - Core Component
SevenTX plugin - Flash

Packer image build scripts.
:bird: Template for creating a tweetbot with AWS Lambda
Custom text highlighting in UILabel
Repo to track theme implementation on tru production server
A file system is designed using C Language where the sector size is 512 Bytes. It is a CUI where we can create, open and delete a file or directory and read, write and seek from a file.
Congressional App Challenge ~2015-2016 (Vikram Sharma, Michael Chen, Sahaj Putcha, Nishant Yadav)
:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component
Data mining using Facebook API
An iOS app for a food ordering website http:/treathunger.com .
A real time strategy game. Still in early development. Initially created/started by Alex Nordhausen (Namone)
A jQuery/Backbone application in which users can make wolf versions of themselves
Ensure all lines in a CSV contain placeholders for missing columns. Solution for 'missing column' errors when using postgres COPY command
List types for an Android application.
Tools used at CanucksArmy
Confluent Stream Data Platform on Single Docker Container
Program which makes a double column list of of NIST vulnerabilities
reproducible pipeline to go along with work for semantic-image-comparison
Django application that provides a set of tools for auditing requests and models and improve logging
A OkHttp 3 client implementation for Retrofit 1.
Pachyderm is a web-based rich-media interactive presentation authoring and publishing system.
Free Antpool PHP-API-Client
App for https://github.com/goeuro/dev-test
This is a interactive photo gallery with a real time search box that filters the images. I used HTML, CSS and jQuery to build up this project.
koa role middleware for use with koa-jwt
New Payments Platform repo
K-Way Merge Sort, implemented using both a Heap, and a conventional, slower method. Written in Python.
Maps App using Google Maps SDK for iOS (Swift iOS) .
Simplified backup tool written in python
Github of the epic Terraria mod development team (Wirklich fandasdisch!)
The main page of Funsites with all the sites.
Material Design implementation with style guide
Program to maintain a database of your own personal comic collection, with comic details from GCD (comics.org).
Webpack Typescript React Testing with Karma
Create your own magazines from bookmarked articles!
site for ichor
downloads planetmoney episodes from 2013-2015
screenshare chrome extension for tokbox
In this project, I seek to build a machine learning algorithm that can identify Enron employees who might have committed fraud from the Enron financial and email dataset.
Pixi.js template using ES6/2015
Turn 2-Dimensional SVG Paths into 3-Dimensional STL Meshes
A C++ library for update checking and automatic updating of the software distributed via GitHub releases
A JS, CSS Component for Mini-PopOvers in style of OS X El Capitan.

Android app containing popular mathematics theorems
Scout of the most challenging championship all around the world!
Separate repository for Asteroids Game from home
site design
Source files for the shiny website loopyape.com
Posting and Reading from a website using Parse DBAS
seiya is a dedicated tool for freelancers/outsourcers.
Maintains a local copy of the eeDomus database
To-do application build using mercuryjs
Spring + AngularJS template application
uses latest yahoo finance site to retrieve data into mongodb or dynamically for analysis
Machine for doing OpenStack contributions.  This saves you having to do all the prerequisite stuff on your development machine, so you can just get right to fixing code/docs and submitting.  Some minor tweaking needed to individualize. 
Programming data structures using C plus plus
Base visual component implementation.
ruby 2.3.0 development
A matching card game. Pretty self explanatory
New portfolio site going up in Jekyll
An Opal library for creating view models that use Knockout.js for dynamic HTML DOM updates and event handling.
This is a text editor application in java have similar look like windows notepad
Fluid dynamics component of Chemical Engineering Design Library (ChEDL)
UofT MSE club website theme. Check out the design at http://mse.skule.ca
Paramalyzer - Burp extension for parameter analysis of large-scale web application penetration tests.
Royal Blue Wordpress theme
Wordpress Theme Freifunk 
An app for tracking the progress your work
python tools for genetics analyses
University project about linear programming problem using regression analysis 
PHP on Apache using Ubuntu Trusty (version 14.04)
Software for syncing notes with LiveSplit using the LiveSplit server component.
Babel plugin to automatically install missing dependencies as you work.
MarsDB storage implementation based on LevelUP
Finds missing tags on EC2 instances and EBS volumes and generates a report on which tags are missing. Allows for multiple AWS accounts to be checked in a single session using IAM roles via STS, and saves state between sessions using DynamoDB.
Android encrypting and decrypting with a fingerprint
This project will be an Open ID, .net 5, MVC6, React, Dapper, and Breeze base project.
SHEFF API
In progress multiplayer 2D game and engine.
Server-side ToDo via  REST (eventually including a Sync Service).
iOS app listens for your speech, and suggest you the jokes.
Generate Google Calendar events from Google Sheets
Validation framework to impose popular relational database constraints on BigData / Hive tables.
App website for the Family Medicine Study Guide

Domoticz Client Application for Android Devices
Custom chef recipes for spinning up an Ubuntu VM in EC2 with VNC for development on containerized projects from iPad Pro or other thin clients.  Pro tip: Use the Coda iOS app.
A set of scripts we use with Docker and Amazon ECS/ECR to manage things.
5th-class-laravel-3-Happysk created by Classroom for GitHub
Electronic Systems class Final Project. Consists of a Temperature/HeartRate monitor based on the PIC16F1825 uController.
This script enables system admins and Linux/Unix users to create cron jobs that run according to the Hijri calendar and can be related to prayer times.
Online Shop - Web Shop HTML
Checking out react

Add the pigpio library to kodi on the raspberry pi 2 for I/O purposes
Final project of 520 Intro. to AI. Naive Bayesian, Perceptron & Neural Network Classifiers for handwrite digits and faces.
Password Storage
Tool to graphically resize portraits for Baldur's Gate 2

a google drive based timemap library for nodejs
Designing Restful API Final Project -https://www.udacity.com/course/designing-restful-apis--ud388
Assignment 1 for 520 Intro. to AI. A Star Search
Spreadsheet Decoder is a library for decoding spreadsheets for ODS and XLSX files.
Easy configuration setting and getting for Laravel projects ("persistent settings")
E-Commerce Site bringing the artisan glassblower together with his or her customers
Reference architecture for a todo-application built on HTML5/Angular 2/Bootstrap.
PDX Code 301 (night track): Intermediate Software Development
A Cisco IP phone config generator written in PHP
Vim bindings to the HaRe haskell refactoring tool

Puppet Module to install and configure etherpad
World Database of Protected Areas R client
A quick guessing game I made for a Powershell class at Bellingham Technical College
A work for any number of musicians in which pitches that are heard most often are slowly removed from the set of available pitches over the course of the piece until no more pitches are left.
Some algorithms, data structures, and graphics in Java
An experimental app framework for VR based on Qt & High Fidelity's 'interface'
An extension of Alexey Pajitnov's famous game Tetris with pentominos
Designed and coded an interactive shopping list app using jQuery.
Reader for the binary ".wbm"-extension format created by NCH Software programs such as Wavepad. Implemented in Python.
MsgPack debugging and validation tool also usable as Fiddler plugin
A Ruby scraping script/API query ready for Heroku scheduler & cron setup notes
Free Game Hosting PHP Script
A skeleton of a react web application.

Work in progress tic-tac-toe game.
a url search based on the Coursera API, by the Johns Hopkins University - MD
A wrapper library for Gosu (Ruby version) adding functionality.
Computer players for a German card game (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skat_(card_game))
Just another task keeping application
Unsupervised Learning of Video Representations using LSTMs
Interactive tool which allows you to generate terrain and save it as a prefab
Vagrant setup that creates a  ci server for all sorts of languages and tools
Qt application which shows the information about laptop's battery in the system tray.
React-Redux-ES6-Webpack version of Book Catalog
Currency converter android application

Blog Development
A system for tracking curriculum addressed by a problem-based question set.
A fully automated HTTPS server powered by Nginx, Let's Encrypt and Docker.
Remember that stupid game you used to play on your old Nokia all the time?
A Python-based password and todo-list manager using QML

A more detailed way to build an e-commerce site using Solidus, Split, & a product picking model.
Synchronize your home folder files and application configurations easily.
idock is a standalone tool for structure-based virtual screening powered by fast and flexible ligand docking.
A node.js server farm with everything you ever dreamed of
php chat
Git for PHPsychopaths
Customized ~/.config/awesome
A helper router for resource-specific express routing
node's net api in react-native
flusk server implementing control SLV API (BL)
A java-based bot API for http://turntable.fm/
A script for fetching administrative zone data based on postal code from OpenNorth's Represent API  
PHP API for PowerSchool
Circuitscape is a free, open-source program which borrows algorithms from electronic circuit theory to predict patterns of movement, gene flow, and genetic differentiation among plant and animal populations in heterogeneous landscapes. Circuit theory comp
Todd's primary github public page repo.
IoT Tower alert we did this last night of 2015!!
Game/application that simulates the stock market that I'm making in my spare time.
Protocol Buffers for Node.JS
An app to check whether your code is Ruby 2.0.0 compatible.
Files to generate an XML Sitemap in the Statamic flat file CMS.
Set of tools for initializing and deploying Wordpress sites

DEPRECATED: USE MAPBOX.JS
Ever wonder how old your cat is?  Thankfully that question is now easily solved.  
Automatic offload of user-written Spark kernels to accelerators
Super sparse multi-class machine learning with Cython
Outil de calcul de medecine pour smartphone
Grove is a way for developers to share git repositories directly over HTTP, without needing a central service like GitHub to connect them. Developers can share as many repositories as they like, and don't need to push their changes or branches in order to
Turn HTML into DOM elements x-browser.
A tool to assist in the publication of biodiversity data
spirit2json is an attempt at a standards-compliant json parser/generator written in C++ using Boost Spirit 2
MathLex JavaScript math entry system
Custom Puppet Modules/Facts/Functions etc I've cleaned up and feel like sharing....
DADI API is a high performance RESTful API layer designed in support of API-first development and the principle of COPE
Download upstream tarballs and fetch changes from the github API
This is a WIP server tools system for Garry's Mod.
Helper library for working with VMware from python
Command Line Interface for the development of Homey Apps

Pull to refresh ListView like iPhone has, derived from Johan's work
Change Ruby I18n localize to use parsi digits and jalaly dates in farsi locale
[Deprecated] use locomotive cms or similar http://locomotivecms.com
DynaMechs rebuilt with CMake. Original project website: http://sourceforge.net/projects/dynamechs/  (This link has been down for a while, then some unknown guy resurrected it). DynaMechs is orginally developed by Scott McMillan. Current version has been t
Data-oriented game engine written in Rust
A jQuery plugin for displaying a favicon on links.
TYPO3 extension Schemaker: Fluid ViewHelper XSD Schema Generator



An old iOS application which displays the latest software updates from MacUpdate. Never published - No longer developed nor maintained.
OMeta: an Object-Oriented Language for Pattern Matching. PHP implementation of OMeta/JS.




















This is a Java-based Cloud system emulator with an architecture structured on 4 OOP design patterns.
360 Wordpress Plugin
FUSE for OS X support tools
Batch scripts in Perl for doing some common tasks on Cisco switches.
Latex source for geometric algebra and physics notes.
Sound-to-light system for Hue

TorqueBox Release Engineering - DO NOT CLONE
Sublime Text 2/3 Snippets for CakePHP
Helps you to create forms with localized fields using Mongoid
A quick and dirty HTTP client library in and for C.
FEUP: Computer Laboratory - EIC0020 - 2012/2013 - Graphical text & code editor for Minix 1.8 operative system
unix/linux bootloader bsp compiler kernel lkm and app 
libabc: skeleton userspace library. http://0pointer.de/blog/projects/libabc.html
A Rails application for tracking my banknote collection.
Bachelor Relation system
A cfwheels plugin to make sure your app is always secured with SSL.
Auburn University math department syllabus template
Perl OO abstraction for DNS Made Easy API
Data winners is a data collection application supporting multiple channels like sms, web and smartphone. Goal is to enable seamless data collection, reporting and visualization.
Flash Game Engine that utilizes the power of Stage3D, the new hardware acceleration for Flash Player 11
Correct attribute memoization for ruby, made easy
A Penn Treebank-style parsed corpus of historical Greek from Homer through the Greek New Testament.

A Sublime Text 2 plugin that emulates some of Notational Velocity's (or nvAlt's) functionality

GSM SMS library for C#
This program parses the menus at SiO's restaurants, and generates JSON and HTML files from them.
Twitter Bootstrap Theme for Sphinx
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/grails-activiti-plugin
GaliGlobal Blog
Profiler is a software component to easier the investigation of the performance issue. It provides some tools to report the CPU usage and call times of the profiled places.
Exceptiontrap - Exception Catcher / Tracker and Notifier Gem for Ruby on Rails
An Xposed mod to add a button to the app info window for installed apps that takes you to the Play Store page for that app

A Qt application to list incoming mail from multiple IMAP folders
useful groovy scripts for Jadice Server
fiverr-like web app with rails
TwEater (short for Twitter Eater) is a tool designed to help you archive long-term Twitter search queries. TwEater supports a variety of backends, from flat files to MySQL databases, and it's easy to plug in your own storage code. TwEater is released unde
SimpleOCL is an embeddable OCL implementation
A library of general-use Fortran 2003 routines used in many NWTC computer-aided engineering tools
A Lita handler to integrate with Capistrano for rails project
Cross-platform game engine written in C++.
Create Vim colorschemes with Ruby
libomegle is a little C++ (or python with provided bindings) library for interfacing with the 'Omegle' random-pairing instant messaging service.
A social news website (YARC - yet another reddit clone)
Rails extension, shows cute notifications in frontend
A responsive DotNetNuke skin. Originally created for training sessions at DotNetNuke World 2012.
\N
Kujua Lite is a web based SMS data collection and analytics tool focused on community health care workers in rural environments. We help large health organizations collect and analyze data sent from health care workers using ordinary mobile phones.
Implementation of BCP 47 and rfc 5646 for xml:lang language tags in C#

Framework for building WSGI apps in which requests and responses are just dictionaries.
Public Suffix List module for Python
A lightweight Python library that uses Webkit to enable easy scraping of dynamic, Javascript-heavy web pages
Plugins of Construct 2
MQTT Client for the Netduino
1% of what a mature configuration management tool does, written in bash
Interface to the Opsview REST API
Communicate in Morse Code using Arduino, Twilio, node.js and a lamp.
The AmazonS3 Drupal module allows the local file system to be replaced with S3. Uploads are saved into the drupal file table using D7's new file/stream wrapper system.
Python Implementation of the TrueSkill, Glicko and Elo Ranking Algorithms
Aggregate test framework for test iOS and Node.js project
ip2location library bindings for node.js
A puzzle game
:computer: A school project using Google App Engine and Google Maps. :skull:
A photo album using Play! framework
This repository contains scripts that can be used to control extreme feedback devices for the Jenkins Continuous Integration server
Google closure linter for javascript


ATLAS good runs list reader and command-line tools
Parent project for all MyDLP user interfaces
Auxiliary plugin of RealtimeRender for transferring files by Secure Copy (SCP).
HyperDB is an advanced database class that supports replication, failover, load balancing, and partitioning.


GnuPG - GNU Privacy Guard - tool for secure communication and data storage
DragonEgg - GCC plugin Using LLVM

SILC source code
Vim Config for C and C++
SOLID PHP & Code Smells - Part 2: Open / Closed Principal
Notes and scripts for setting up a Ubuntu backup server
Enhanced configuration file related tools for Python

Java implementation of a Disk-based LRU cache which specifically targets Android compatibility.
An Angry Birds-like programmed in Java as a school project
Messy text mashup scripts made in 2007
Create an audio sample from a selected song
A touchpad indicator extension for gnome-shell
Erlang LSM BTree Storage
sneeu.com, as a stationary website
Twitter component for Apache Camel
Mucking around with post-commit hooks in Git, in part to integrate with JIRA
This library hopes to provide a helper class to be used by any Java based reporting tool like Jasper/Pentaho
FortiGate automatic backup script.

Python Meta Programming 
JavaScript source code visualization, static analysis, and complexity tool
Replicating intriguing numerical properties of the Qur'an with easy-to-follow, open source procedures
General "bits and pieces" repository.
Open-source framework for modeling Vehicle Routing Problems.
Search engine optimization for WordPress/MS and BuddyPress
HTTPS client implementation for httplib and urllib2 based on PyOpenSSL
Wrapper for asynchronously used Google Maps API in browser.
Bukkit/Minecraft plugin to have players pay for typing specific commands - uses Vault.
Multi-Attribute Sort for Backbone Collection
Simple, scaleable carousels for jQuery (MIT)
Novabuild is a build system used by Be IP to generate Debian (.deb) packages out of upstream tarballs or repositories and a separate repository of 'debian/' directories.
CakePHP2: Deprecated parent controller class that adds a helper _respond() method for ajax requests
OpenSSL/GnuPG encryption/signing gui for Linux implemented with Python & PyGTK
Sample couchapp for tailor shops management.
Citation, Logging and Multi-Purpose Archive: A bookmarking website engine (think: delicious, pinboard)
a bookmarklet to create passwords easily and securely
A collections module for the Kohana PHP Framework.
Appreciating photos with the help of the Flickr API
faculty site
General tools for Neil
The qWikiOffice Web Desktop is an open source project committed to providing an online experience that is unique and user friendly.  Ajax technology combined with the EXT-JS library and cutting edge graphics allow qWikiOffice and the web applications with
AwesomeMailer embeds your e-mail CSS inline, allowing you to write e-mail templates without worrying too much about stylesheets
forked from http://redmine.the.re/git/puppet-rsnapshot.git
OWS web app changed from unstructured javascript to Backbone and Underscore JS
Codeigniter 2 class for google analytics api


A concordancer for corpus-based linuistic research.
A plugin for Movable Type that allows authors to share the preview with others so that it can be reviewed.
Core52: Rapid development MVC Framework for PHP - Official Repository

Api for using config entries (only partially done)
Scaffold Generator for Rails 3.1 and Sencha Extjs 4
ProcessWire module: Automatically archives pages based on a Datetime field.
Lottery plugin
DO NOT USE. Riakkit. An ORM for Python Riak for RAD. Similar to mongokit and couchdbkit. This is about to be deprecated by kvkit

A C# .NET example using MongoDb to create and display scary dragons! Uses a repository pattern and business layer to access data in the cloud via MongoLab.
Tools for dealing with APOGEE data
Opensource for all used Algorithm, written in C or CPP language. Have fun.
A client for the Git Deployer Server
A node.js module for reactive webcrawling
Paquetes, personalizaciones y scripts del MAX Escritorio
SendGrid Node.js helper library
A libnoise port to Java
Android Library Project for Multi-Layer Network Connections (Better TLS/SSL and Tor)
node.js tumblr API client (incomplete)
fake 3d asteroids, with python and opengl
Migrates a b2evolution blog to WordPress
A wrapper for Swing aiming to provide more concise syntax and extra functionality. Still in heavy development, syntax may change radically.
iOS application deployment helpers

A Ruby program that can parse plain text files to generate probability tables and then generate random names using these tables.
4.4.2 Google Play Edition kernel
Just some SRPMS for Fedora that I made
Get names and descriptions from Debian packages on a remote repository
command-line interface helper utility for ruby
PHP class used to easily make requests to REST APIs
Python module for file versioning API in Windows
Projects i do in arduino
php site to monitor alarm events from python-alarm
Google style guides and cpplint (with modifications)
Some handy tools for GNU/Linux , bash , open environment to make your day to day life easier
Version 2.1.0 of dwipe from DBAN with improved functionalities
Codeigniter 2.x easy form creator base on native CI form helper and validation library. Support ajax
Akeeba Live Update - A better live update system for Joomla! components which supports commercial extensions and works on shared hosts without timeouts
Breakout is a free, completely open-source iOS 7 jailbreak.
Utility code for for AVR app development, generally tailored for the Teensy 
Battle City open source Flash port
Educational projects for github
A brand new PHP framework which aims to make coding simpler
An AI based search engine that indexes concordia.ca
Hugo source repository for briankidney.ca
A custom home page with a search engine and other helpful widgets.
CANaconda project: CAN message viewer
a smart bmvp framework for you SPA
This version actual has files in it!
A scratchpad for working on making some of the C++11 STL code from gcc 4.9 transaction-safe
the php extension for smaz
Two-person coin toss app (heads or tails) using socket.io
Chef Cookbook to deploy the magic.arch.tamu.edu site

N-way Set Associative Cache Simulator in C
miniKanren with declarative copy term (copyo)

A C program that calculates e to the 10,000th place. 
A java client for Diffbot's RESTful API that fills any java class with the appropriate data according to it's fields' names
Complete (in theory...) documentation for Ractive.js
Properly defer your JavaScript files for increased performance
A super lightweight visual HSL, RGB and hex color picker with a responsive, touch-friendly and customizable UI. Compatible with jQuery or Zepto.
Node.js web app to collect your thoughts, and organize your ideas in a visually intuitive way.
An Alcor6L module to control a 128x64 glcd device

This project uses machine learning algorithms to analyze waiting time at DMV offices. 
Unlimited* cloud storage
Ex8, co-written with Dylan Otto Krider was an open-ended assignment from our Games Programming class using Java and OpenGL

RPM build scripts for PrestoDB
An iOS component for sighting a point using the camera and compass.
iPenTest (previously a Metasploit iOS POC)
Hacks to Dashing (by Shopify) to make it work with Elastic Beanstalk
an iOS component for drawing on an image
Singleton class for In App Purchases for iOS development
Auxiliary system functions, such as shutdown restart
Some tools to check iointegrity
An extension for Brackets that generates the 'base HTML code' much like DreamWeaver does.
Created using Windows Form Application in C#. Program utilizes Color Class to display picture. Common functions are performed, including flip, rotate, invert and resize.
A lightweight SASS mixin library and responsive CSS layout engine.
A Firefox extension for better tab handling.
FrontEnd Framework For Dynamic Loading Of Views, Standard and custom Event Broadcast and Propagation
Jenkins buddy to create jenkins easily, require jenkins-job-builder
Special version of the new Robot Builder (version 0.0.2) that compiles code that uses WPILibExtensions
IRC (Internet Relay Chat) daemon written in Java using the Akka actor system
A Node.js locker for your stuff
Adds functionality to jQuery deferreds that act like normal deferred methods but also can pass along properties on the deferreds when they are piped.  Probably most useful for ensuring your AJAX deferreds keep their XHR methods as you use the deferred cha
Plugin For socialshare-windows phonegap
Various utility classes 3946 has written
Implement text ellipsis effect without CSS(CSS ellipsis only can make one line, but it overcomes limitation) in mobile environment used by jQuery
Github hosted web site
Pure Python module for reading and writing metadata as raw XMP packets in various file formats.
Minimal library for parsing and printing node stacktrace
Work in progress.
Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in JavaScript
This plugin WordPress includes a button that appears when the user scrolls the scroll bar when you click the button the user is taken to the top of the site.
Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in PHP
A grunt plugin to compile c# assemblies
Distributed graph storage based on Akka and Scala
A WIP Adminmod for Just Cause 2 Multiplayer
CiviCRM extension with custom searches for De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension for the specific API wrapper De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension De Goede Woning synchronization with First Noa
Gala night web site code
Population genetics analyses from NGS data
Welcome to Grocery Simulator 2016! Where all of your desires and dreams are grounded up into a fine pink powder and sold on the black market.
Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in CSS
Django Navigation App (helper for django-sitetree)
!WARNING! Application not finished! Realtime chat with moderation mode - moderators can publish only hand-picked messages, which can be useful in Q&A sessions. Node and Angular.
Santa is an arcade video game where the player has to open some gifts and avoid some others.
A document version control and sharing platform, for projects, challenges.

The card game Blackjack written for Rails
Android extension for OpenFL for Localytics
Android extension for OpenFL for Flurry
Create a box which include openjdk 1.7, Apache Hadoop 1.2.1 and Apache Hive 0.11.0
"Guess the Number" JavaScript challenge repo
Guido.js provides musical tools for Javascript -- Write. Morph. Display. Play.
pushState friendly static file server, with koa
Export your database as a Laravel Migration. And export your DB data as a seed file. Finally sync all this with your remote server.
A React JSX asset loader for Optimus.
EmailSmurfer - Extract email addresses from email header on Apple Mail (OSX)
Portfolio Tool is a static site generator (think jekyll, hyde, pelican, etc) for porfolios. It simplifies the process of making a portfolio to simply organizing the work in folders and generating the site.
Convert a folder with images to an ePub file. Great for comics and manga!
Monitoring and Alerting Project to work with Owlintuition Multicast Information
A Chrome extension that allows you to add a page as an event on Google Calendar or download a file to save it to Outlook or iCal, acting as a reminder to come back
A college campus safety app to send a user's GPS location to campus police in case of emergencies. Made originally for the Drew Everson Safety Challenge 2013 at Duke University, now available publicly for commercial and non-commercial uses. 
PHP5 MVC Framework
Node.js module to format big uint numbers from a byte array or a Buffer
Persistent World Game
The PHP script that ran the old Raspberry Pi mirror system that lived at downloads.raspberrypi.org
Helper scripts for UltimateFishbot
A webapp for storing and retrieving blobs. Use with HttpBlobStore
DashTube extension for the DashClock lock screen widget
SiteForge is a powerful static website generator built on Node.js
Tools for Instagram: API, downloading images, analyzing images, SNA
Modification of WPExplorer's Tetris WP Theme
Extensions Library for ippie52 applications
A tool for watching changes in files. Written in coffee as a substitute for inotify, makes use of the fs.watch commands.
Includes file upload into wikipages depending on the user rights.
GnuCash Python helper script to import transactions from QIF text files into GnuCash's own file format
Wireless Forensics Framework In Python
A Ruby script that opens many programs at the same time. Used for when turning on my machine in the morning
Elegant Line Graphs for iOS (charting library)
Copy changed blocks from one file to another
Common Grunt tasks shared by several Muzzley projects
A Web page DOM grabber based on Phantom.JS.
Use yeoman to generate a handlebars helper that can easily be used with Assemble.
python implementation of inference and learning in Hidden Markov Models (HMM)

Crowdsourced treasure hunts using Google Maps and geolocation
Launch and stop HTTP Server before/after each tests
civicrmfr website theme and modules

A Pebble Application Development Kit for Drupal Websites.
scripts like working with a sqlite database with PHP
A JavaScript library for Firefox OS application development, consisting of WAI-ARIA-driven accessible widgets, a lightweight app framework, and convenient utility functions.
A Chrome extension that allows you to study and take notes on a selected directory of bookmarks.
A standalone HTTP proxy written using asio.
Auth2Secure provides a base schema for authentication, security and audit. \	Auth2Secure is based on Auth2DB authentication and security modules.
A repo to create simplified GeoJSON regions so we can display map-based visualisations without having to load tiles all over the place.
A Docker Cassandra container

Express server that keeps alive a PhantomJS service
Write iOS apps in Javascript! JavaScriptBridge provides the way to write iOS apps with JavaScript. Powered by JavaScriptCore.framework.
project for an arduino controlled watering pump with a website to view the moisture and controll the watering events
caustic lets you build scrapers in JSON, and run them on an android device.
A Go client library for todo.txt files (http://todotxt.com)
AngularJS module for working with browser local storage
AngularJS module for advanced working with arrays in JS
Book library loan management (Czech).
This includes new methods for colors and enables users to use hex strings to set gradient colors with image or colors
The newswidget on the homepage of LUNF. Created by @rioforce and @le717
Notes, instructions, and scripts for moving sunpig.com from Movable Type to Wordpress

keep vim settings add  shell script
Include a hidden div on your WordPress site using a widget
Udacity CS253 - Web Development
Helper for launching applications while reinstall frequently.
JSON RPC Server for Bridge Buddy - a Bridge Card Game Helper
JavaScript game engine
GitHub Organization Page
Code supporting comparativecoding.org
Android application for FamilyTracker project
A tool allowing you to serve resources from your local machine as if they came from the external server.
A pluggable authentication and profile library and client
Skeleton project for angular with node and grunt
a Haskell-based Slack chatbot using the Happstack framework
Script for handling Riverfly data from excel and then graphing
douban site crawler
Laravel Based Text Classifier using Naive Bayes
River of Life Prayer Guide
A moka icon theme for webOS.  Takes all icons from the Moka icon theme for Ubuntu, and some other elements from Ubuntu GNOME.
A wrapper for the MySQL driver to use promises, connection pooling and nicer APIs all round
A Feature Rich set of tools to start you of on your new project.
Yeoman generator to improve and speed up the development workflow of an AngularJS application.
A GPath based implementation to be used in the animation framework on Pebble (SDK2.0+)
Maybe a new engine for FTG

open assessment
Style AsciiDoc HTML output with Twitter Bootstrap themes
RactiveJS-consuming view handler/templater for Node.JS
Convert CSS selectors to XPaths, in JavaScript
Just a copy of the ITU-T STL2009 with a working build chain for (l)unix [make]
A project template for developing games using Node.js, Grunt and javascript libraries.
Rails application for beauty institute with custom content management functionality
Vim syntax highlighting for pal calendar files.
Telosys Tools bundle (2.1.0 or newer) for Spring Data Rest generation (Support of HATEOAS)
An extended version of the scm.go Scheme Lisp interpreter in Go
A script to encode image files as base64 text. 
Quartz listeners that publish events over AMQP. Developed to be used in Clojure projects with Quartzite.
responsive jQuery slider
API Blueprint AST to API Blueprint Conversion Tool
Data and code for Styron et al. (in prep) manuscript for thermochronological modeling with Pecube, PiCloud and Python.
initial set up for Linux machines
Common VBA Library:  Contains functions that are missing in the VBA language.  Mainly for use with Excel.
A soap service provider for Silex, based on the ZendSoap component from ZendFramework project.
jQuery plugin which replace input[type=file] with divs based on input-names.
Spike to find out the best scala client for cassandra
An iOS app created using "iOS Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide"
TrueTime-HSF is an extended version of TrueTime which implements two level hierarchical scheduling. The original TrueTime is developed by department of automatic control at Lund University: http://www3.control.lth.se/truetime/
[Deprecated] Row-based multi-tenancy for SQLAlchemy
EID Interface Module for OpenMRS
Strava API Tools & Dashboard
A node module that maintains an updated cache of nytimes.com content via newswire
Convert recipes from Cookbook+ to Paprika

A Mimosa 2.0 module for Stylus compiling
Build a local copy of a Flickr photoset
generate cluster pxe files from a flat config file
Remove voicemail from the tapbar of MobilePhone.app of iOS 7 
Nights! Nights! Wordpress theme
Program implemented to find voids in the space, based on Carlos Hervias Caimapo's algorithm.
App which tracks users progress towards skills mastery. Final project for BEWD 05 NYC.
Formats the Dutch Rabobank CSV format for bank statements so it can be imported by YNAB.
Script to setup a fresh installation of GNUStep in a Centos environement.
iOS Project for iPad, demonstrating how to edit UITableViewCells inline
University Projects
JuminnoApps web page
helper script to merge dash youtube videos using youtube-dl and MP4Box
Plugin library for the Flow collection.
Skookum School App
node.js service for logging rest web service calls using log4js-node
Revival of Python-language KirbyBase project
OS X tool for fast switching between stored mouse sensitivity settings
Modified version of the Vortex Box Deck that behaves more like an app!

React-clojure is a clojure wrapper around JSX (JavaScript XML syntax transform recommended for use with React).
Best seller's list
Module to hold and serialize the in-memory relationship between urls and objects and users.
numbers.js is a client-side javascript library that adds some advanced mathematics functionality to the standard Math library.
Displays logs and Javascript errors in an overlay on top of your site. Useful for mobile webdevelopment. Enabled in 5 seconds
Solar System written on HTML/CSS
Atlas.elasticsearch is a elasticsearch backend in javascript using elasticsearch-js and jQuery.
A Project to make MySQL data backup using Ruby on Rails

MVC 4 Movie application
Slick2D / jBox2D game development.
Work to develop a group settings control workflow for University of Alaska System. The code is incomplete and need be completed. But there are some good examples on interaction with google group settings API.
Iteratively Fund Open Source Projects With Bitcoin
This repository contains scripts that are used by the maintainers of the library. Useful scripts and daemons.
Terraria-like platformer game
A JavaScript based application for University of Alaska Tuition Estimator, with an interface that is built to make the financial decision which part of coming the decision to go to school easy. Compare cost across various study plans and compare it with n
photo app in node.js with mongoose Node.js In Action
Final project for ITP 380 - Video Game Programming.

Remember Pi application. Try to remember. Get told what the next are. Try to go as far as you can! (Don't know how many digits)
Opensource Reddit like website. This project was built using: java, MySQL, redis, Angular.js, Bootstrap
Wordpress Plugin allowing for up/down or like voting geared to be flexible enough for any use.

A code generation tool that uses the NoPL scripting language and XML schema
Free-D Unity is a open source project that is done for Woodbury University Digital Media Lab.

Tools for managing multiple versions of text files and content transclusion.
Catarse as a full, non-namespaced Rails engine.
(Lua) Some usefull tools implemented with Lua

Java remote process execution library
A script to download images from urls in Elastic Seach index, process and reindex the new url
R client library for the Adobe Analytics 1.4 API - the API is currently in beta. This package hasn't been extensively tested, so please get in touch with me if you're interested in using it.
I needed to create an AWS marketplace AMI at work, so the instances needed to get their authorized_keys set from the keypair specified to AWS.
General libraries for the D Programming Language
Shell script en Bash para subir archivos(mayormente imagenes) a uploadpie.com desde la linea de comandos.
A reusable set of build and automation scripts to facilitate a best practices based development and release process for managed package development on the Salesforce1 Platform
Game with Blocks based on libgdx gradle template
A Node.js module for validating and updating Webloc files.
Manage Node.js, MongoDB and github repo's for a node project.
Interface to LXC from node.js.
Tool for Ballroom Dance Partner Searches (i.e. Speed Dating)
Minebuilder Mod Script Engine
scripts and notes for mapping data from the TAIR schema to CHADO
A set of client applications for issuing measurements to the RIPE Atlas network
AWS EBS Snapshot Backup Tool for Windows
Ansible role that compiles and installs Ruby 1.9.3 (https://www.ruby-lang.org) and Bundler (http://bundler.io).
A torrent type application developed for peer to peer transfer of files.
Use octet counting to frame data through a stream
The website
Random JavaScript code. Drawn from katas, text, and general experimentation.
Zaphire framework is a framework which takes cues from other frameworks like Zend to create a family basis on which to build your high performace web applications.
random one-off page to calculate arrow spine for archers
A tool for deploying web applications using Docker
Resellerclub API in Python
A Pac-Man program created for AP Computer Science
Virtual Memory implementation in Pintos Operating System
an extranet application for ruby on rails
A data mining library in java.
Tool for updating the GAC of a server from a client
Smashing Node.js: JavaScript Everywhere By Guillermo Rauch - examples implement
A native vector / matrix addition for mining-core, which utilizes Eigen via JNI for faster operation.
Contains source code for web page templates
Utilities for CALayer in OS X and iOS.
Beautiful JSDoc template for your Meteor packages.
A set of SolidWorks macros with UI, for quick creation of some standard primitives.
A few projects with the most known WebGL APIs.
create a processing element that is active only if consumers of results are subscribed to it
A PHP client for the oVirt API
Ruby Code kit
Go to badges/shields. Especially if you don't know why. (This repo is old.)
The new old tibia server

A library for controlling keyboard output with an Arduino Leonardo or Micro via SNES controller.
Java project I worked on for fun to cheat in the iPhone word game "Ruzzle." To run, run through the main class. Note: it may take a couple seconds for a window to pop up, just be patient :)
Cinch (codename) WordPress developer framework
An open source, survey-based matchmaking program
An advanced template for NodeJS projects.
Implementation of akka-persistence storage plugins for mongodb
systemd socket activation for PHP FastCGI
A C# .NET client for managing mangas from mangaeden.com
A shapes plugin for the svg.coffee library
Android app that predicts the future
Web site for CS 460 at BYU
A Cocoa timer class for iOS and OS X offering a choice of behaviors, so you can use the right one.
Here should be all Modules for the Mod Powercraft
Web CMS system
multiwii V2.3 use frsky telemetry
LuaJIT2 sources, binaries and build scripts
Random scripts for doing whatever.
Creates a .html file with links to all files in a chosen folder
data analysis scripts
RSS attachment downloader written in Go
Source code for the playcanvas-based game Chartreuse Warden.
Sample storage engine for MySQL
(Ember Only) A rich date time class with utilities
jQuery Mobile for Rails 3/4 Asset Pipeline


Legacy library hours module from staff site.
Helper plugin for adding member icon/badges next to username for members.
The abstraction over all cassandra clients (like Hector and Astyanax)
Users can buy and sell products, similar to ebay.com
Google V3 Geocoder Service Wrapper
sublime text 3 on save less builder
An Node.js-based Open Sound Control (OSC) library for Flocking

Content provider instructions to access the feeds and items provided by the News Reader application for WIMM, an android powered smartwatch
FoLiA Linguistic Annotation Tool - Flat is a web-based linguistic annotation environment based around the FoLiA format (http://proycon.github.io/folia), a rich XML-based format for linguistic annotation. Flat allows users to view annotated FoLiA documents
A plugin for importing raw SVG into the svg.coffee library 
This is a library of classes that can help with implementing the smt-transform API with ANTLR4.
Tools in use during the development of the prototype 360 Giving Standard. Now archived. 
program to generate SGF properties from Specification file
Multi-timescale backup driver for duplicity

Subtitles Translation Helper

FLV Extract CL - python port of http://www.moitah.net/
A Harvest app that lets you easily email your timesheet
An R package to help manage R projects (e.g. Sweave reports) where multiple versions are created based upon a single source repository. For example, a monthly report where each versions is identitcal with the exception of easily definable parameters (e.g.
A parallel linear program solver.
The configuration backup and restore app allows an administrator to take a snapshot (archive file) of all configuration settings of the system, allowing easy restoration in the event data is lost.
web app to record the ping pong league at 3scale
A flocking simulation implemented using canvas and Javascript.
Clojure implemented on top of Python
A LINQPad driver to perform queries againt Azure Table Storage.
Google App Engine website monitor based on https://code.google.com/p/cron-tab/
Github pages repo 
\N
delo's github page
The Flatterline website.
Proyecto 3 de Graficas I
A tool managing configuration files across multiple boxen.
Minimalist Linux-Based Operating System


Extend, inherit and clone
clojure interface to interact with (java-)objects in the hibernate ORM
Perl module implementing prime number tools in C++ with the Sieve of Eratosthenes.
the nurse rota generation software / jacop constraint programming  
EmberJS preview and build tool for Node.JS
A Scala Swing component that wraps javax.swing.JTree

2DVM suite. Fortran 77 version.
FreedomBox version of Privoxy
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A program which takes a brainfuck program as input, and interprets it.
Repository for the Refresh your Development with NuGet presentation.
NGINX module providing userspace cooperative multitasking for IO-bound content-handlers
This module integrates Apache Nutch crawler as alternative search engine in Jahia.
A HTML5 Canvas rewrite of the open source Project Starfighter game
Noodly Appendage Coin - Open Source Cryptocurrency
A PHP utility library
css auto sprite tool by nodejs
check the dbl and zen list for domains and ip's
A copy of the mozilla.org PHP site.
IPC::Concurrency::DBI - Control how many instances of an application run in parallel, using DBI as the IPC method.
Sample application showing sketching & collaboration using HTML5 canvas and short-interval data poll.
Custom Event/Messaging system for JavaScript re-packaged for Meteor
Perl Module to Analyze Text Databases
NBi is a testing framework (add-on to NUnit) for Microsoft Business Intelligence platform and Data Access. The main goal of this framework is to let users create tests with a declarative approach based on an Xml syntax. By the means of NBi, you don't need
Generic Disease Modelling System
Seth Ladd's excellent box2d intro migrated to a modular structure with requirejs.
[WIP current state : waiting for PhantomJS bugfix] Screenshot Webservice is an open-source REST web service to perform web page screenshots.
Clase para utilizar la pasarela de pagos redsys, sermepa.
Navigate the web via your gamepad
Rails without the data loss.
A Yii ActiveRecord behavior to keep a backup of the loaded values for an ActiveRecord instance
Multiplayer, Leap Motion controlled, Dart game running in the browser
Zend Framework 1 File package
Zend Framework 1 Serializer package
Zend Framework 1 Stdlib package
Zend Framework 1 Application package
Zend Framework 1 Captcha package
