Some exercise and sample
Basic structure for a REST client using the Silex microframework to consume the sample https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestServer  For documentation review please go to https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestClient/wiki
Some posts in Russian
Simple blog application written using Django

This is a fork of Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) from http://www.nrl.navy.mil/itd/ncs/products/core  A description from the project page: "The Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) is a tool for emulating networks on one or more machines. You can con
A very simple Rails 3 sample app using my fork of the Paths of Glory achievement system gem.
The example files for Building Android Apps with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Small web application using xmpp, nodejs and angularjs.
SearchPhp - Pimcore Website Search (fork of official Pimcore plugin http://www.pimcore.org/resources/extensions/detail/SearchPhp)
This library is a lua client for SC-Server. It is a simple client that implements most of the interface of SC-Server.

Test repo for testing gerrit replication

My home directory dotfiles, bin files, etc.
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
My personal config files.

Swan setup for tutorial
Script to convert Logs from Amazon S3 to CLF
A port of my hlbsp project (rendering BSP v30 files from Halflife and it's mods (expecially CS 1.6)) to JS and WebGL (It's currently a project for school)
A 2D rigid body simulator written in C++.
Development standards documents
Github mirror of "operations/debs/python-phabricator" - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing
Wordpress theme for S2A website
A collection of practice exams for exams in core curriculum CS courses at RIT.
Clans/Teams Plugin for Minecraft Bukkit Servers, NOTE: This project has now been split into 2 projects, TeamCraft(basic team structures and commands) https://github.com/Satrosity/TeamCraft and KingdomCraft (addon to TeamCraft, will have area commands, sco
Only for testing purpose
[deprecated] can be replace with v2 of i18next
\N
Documentation of the Guild Wars 2 Archive file (gw2.dat)
Demo project for trying out Java annotation processing
A british set of libraries + widgets for dealing with colour
Simple, tree-structured configuration file parser
A collection of personal SlackBuilds.
Documentation bundled with KISS IDE
Collection of salt state files for use and testing
GNOME 3 extension to create a new application instance with the wheel button.
Mirror of SC repo for our own sanity (fixing warnings etc)
These are my dotfiles. There are many like it, but this one is mine.

NOTE: maya2renderer is moved to https://github.com/maya2renderer/maya2renderer
Example of a scalable robotframework test suite, following the example at http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/tools-and-tips/get-test-infected-with-selenium-2/ but using RobotFramework
My attempt at a Github page

my personal website
Outlet is a simple Lisp-like programming language
A small javascript bookmarklet to replace video.xin.msn.com's Flash Player with the HTML5 <video /> tag
Bombolone is a tasty Content Management System for Python based on Flask, MongoDB, AngularJS, Sass and Bootstrap. It's designed to be a simple, flexible toolset for projects of any size.
Kohana 3.2 basic CRUD / scaffold
A simple sanitiser/sanitizer for NodeJS
My VIM configuration & plugins

This is a test to work on repo configurations
Small helper script for exporting MySQL databases.
An example showing how to send, receive and play audio data via websockets
An adoption of my e4 contacts demo for GWT, using the GWT MVP architecture with activities, places, event bus, etc.
USE THE UPSTREAM GIT REPO INSTEAD http://root.cern.ch/git/root.git or here https://github.com/root-mirror/root. Mirror of CERN's ROOT svn repository, updates are run hourly. master branch is svn trunk. Branch branches/dev is suppossed to be a set of branc

Simple ToDo Application using Google App Engine
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
my vim config files
A basic "facebook-like" standalone wall (posts, comments, like/unlike) with php/pdo/ldap, html, css and javascript/jquery
Todoist.com backup
A minor mode for octave which highlights "echoing" lines
On-the-fly documentation
collection of scripts for personal use!
When the object or arg to a delayed_job is a Mongoid document, store only a small stub of the object instead of the full serialization.
my dotfiles


Simple, fast and extensible tweening library for SFML





KSP Interstellar Near Future Integration which is a Fork of Boris-Barboris/KSPInterstellar


(Temporary) Maven Repository
Cookbook Page Project
rails project from the odin project
nodejs on AWS, practice project










My personal tech blog

My personal blog
just a simple test
Old repo for my personal portfolio site. No longer updated.

My demo
a simple to-do-list using jquery
Simple JS, HTML, CSS, PHP and mySQL
A simple Library Managment System developed by using Java. Adding / managing book entries, add / managing members etc. has been done by connecting to a SQL database.
A simple browser based markdown editor. Enter markdown on the left, get HTML on the right. Hit the Save button to export it.

(FINISHED) :computer: My first NW.js app. Just for test (I was bored and anxious of learning something new)
Computer Networks Course Projects
This is a test repo

Swift implementation of basic container view controller
Personal Site for Matt Gerstman
Temp repo for practicing Uncle Bob's Clean Architecture on iOS



Small tool to determine OS Version
I wrote my resume in LaTeX based on the one by Alessandro Plasmati <https://www.sharelatex.com/templates/cv-or-resume/professional-cv>.

Fundamentals of Computing I
Swift Conventions and Style Guide
My personal list of essential packages for Arch Linux



A simple python script that will update your twitter account with Bitcoin, Litecoin or any other Altcoin price.
Example of using System.js
This is a project created to make web development more simple, I think there are a lot of duplication in web development. If we can abstract the common part as module and next time with some providing configuration file like(XML, YAML etc), we can generat
A simple wrapper for localconfig that allows for reading config from a remote server
Personal Repo to store daily /r/dailyprogrammer challenges

Created new REPO

CO318 network programming 2 course 1st group project ( With Kanchana Gamage )
Just a project following a rails tutorial...
Android example with Portals user login


My github site

The classical todo example in various frameworks, basically for learning and demo purpose.
Simple Flora project using a 12-LED ring and Compass module to always point north.

/* I decided to start this new year, playing with Java. I will use this class later for a clock component */
Simple, mobile first CSS framework


All of my answers to the problems at Project Euler.
This is my first responsitory.
small ideas in code and not code
My Resume/Portfolio
some exercises from .js roadtrip on Code School

I am reading "Python for Informatics: Exploring Information"
:floppy_disk: List of coding resources. 
Too young. Too simple. Sometimes naive. A SQL DBMS as a course project.
Sets up my development environment

Manny's Magical Master Manager is an aid to manage the small details of DMing for you, so you can focus on the real work. Currently available as a text-based interface, a GUI is planned eventually.


My fairly broken test repo written for a frankensteined xcode-theos weapon of mass destruction
Practice App that builds Cellular Automatons
A very simple Java program that allows you to find the IP address of the computer that you are using.
A small Java program that enables you to open a window on your default browser.


my first repository
say hello to github
HasanOzgan's Personal Web Site

Testing Git workflow
My code and Fritzing schematics from going through the Arduino starter kit.
A repository to test the development of responsive navbars
My first Android Wear Disaster
This just to try uploading my project

my test project


development work 
A simple to do list written in Swift for experimenting







Simple To Do List 
Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015.


Puppet manifest for setting up new machines
Coursera online course - R Programming
This class can be used to check the validaty of Swedish Person number.





Tools and code that is for personal use - may not make much sense to anyone else





Basic Space Invaders clone written in Love2D 

Test Project


Sample Repository created to learn Git
Java source following The Cherno's Game Programming tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFYT7Lqt1h8&list=PLlrATfBNZ98eOOCk2fOFg7Qg5yoQfFAdf




just my first github
Based on OneMonthRails tutorial, building a Ruby web app
Tutorial


AdKiT Basic Version for web development
This is an assignment for Calgary University GSWL
docker repo
A very simple Vagrant box for Rails development

Personal configurations for Chrom[e|ium] OS
Demo Drawer Menu Material Design

GitHub practice
my first foray into git. I'm gitty. *rimshot*


Source code for lessons and assignments of Udacity-Twitter course "Real-Time Analytics with Apache Storm".
just another demo
Almost 200 common file icon free to download.
Some code to start learning new functionality in Java 8
happy school days

Simple web application like twitter
Final Project Wireless Systems and Networks course



Testing the github.io and Jekyll


Lightweight - simple PHP lib to handle multi-threading
A C# Portable class library to access Hue devices.
First repository based on tutorial guide
Udacity Git/GitHub training course reflections






Duke's personal page
Fork from https://github.com/rstacruz/nprogress.git
get used to Business Intelligence, this is my final project of BI class.
A small python script that controls a DSLR to take up to 31 pictures for HDR processing




Website for Neon Family Church
this is a github test repo
this repository is used to learn git
Awesome Space Storage Inventory Management
Move your body is a kinect game when kinect sdk haven't appeared and used openni
Python script used in my project ROBOCar which won the "Best Project Award of 2013"at  aDAVitya 13, DAVIET's technical fest.

A python version of simple implementation of matlab. Used for familiarizing with pylab.
Some Python scripts I wrote to learn Python.
test for clone
Simple server & client applications in Ruby.
Simple server & client applications in Ruby.
This is a parent project as a library. It's a summary of my Android development experience. It concludes lots of tool classes, such as some classes about SharedPreference, IO, Download, Network and so on. Of course, some custom widgets, like RoundedImageV

Just another Repository

This is core java project for testing my core java apis
A writtenMorse and normal morse code converter.
learning to use the Django web framework along with Ubuntu.
Testing
Demo TODO app to test mithril
My first! This is also the repository for my Cash Register code in Minecraft.
MITx course on Computational Thinking and Data Science
Simple todo list.
An HTML game
My first git program
rails test, just for fun






Framework practices.

The VDBA documentation.
R-programming materials and assignments from the coursera data science specialization
This repository for different datastructure implementation in java.
Simple php page for booking-processes.
this is the first git project

RAPID is a set of tools for the alignment, and analysis of genomic regions with small RNA clusters derived from small RNA sequencing data.
learning git
This is my First repository made for experimental purposes only
Application being built to learn git

My testing repository
Android learning project, trying to create example catalog
Collection of all problem solving practices that I do.
Uyghur Language Processing Guide for Developers



Simple application implementing longest prefix match for finding corresponding ASN to given IP address.

My super sample app to test out Jenkins.

Basic App
my first repository, study use github


Test repository for Atlanta Macros

This repo is used to extract web content
Just my experiments with Haskell





Original demonstration application for DrawKit.

solr config
Rails Demo App on ETSY During Training
This is used to scrap webcontent
a config file and skin for atom.io

Learning angular with typescript and requirejs based on Dan Wahlin example
First Git-Hub repository just to know
REST Javascript Example App for OpenAM
Puppet config for crobot on arch linux
test
An app developed during the training sessions on Ruby on Rails 
The .gitignore file we use for our Android projects created with Android Studio.
Project for testing Kundera and CMT JTA
Super simple client-only cursor pagination for Meteor

A first try to a HTML helper for simple tables

simple python script to get a list of jobs and their status and store in sqlite database

Simple time measurement and collection utilities in scala



a school project
Practice - Blog For Stuff

A collection of algorithms and functions written for PHP

Learning to work with Rails engines. An engine made out of the inbox functionality in the MailServer Project.
Github Tutorial
My first repository
An example for a plugin framework implementation
Some drawings for CNC machine I used to enhance my house
[ Python ] Static Simple PostScript interpreter for CptS 355 (Programming Language Design).
The Xp Game sources, translated in dutch
For learning KUE
fork of http://www.policyd-weight.org 
Examples for the Java Programming Basics course




Hey my first repository! I finally understood what repository means ;P

Notes about learning ROS (Robot Operating System)

Personal website


noInfoPath formview module
noInfoPath sync module
New to git hub!checking it out!
This is a repo to test out project specific web pages through a git repo


Scrivere file di Logs

my first PHP learning APP
A small 10 mintue text adventure crafted in python
The Learn Rails tutorial
Magento demo, using vagrant


A quick start code & guide for using Spring Boot and build a simple REST API from ground up in few minutes

My first repo
MySQL project from CS class
A small program for our stap project.
test sample of pluralsight intro to node.js


the first github project
A simple and specific script I wrote that looks at an input text file for Names and Email addresses and builds an output text file using tab delimited columns for Firstname Surname and Email Address fields.



photo's organizer and backup

First game created using Unity




python test
This is a demo app to play with Travis CI
2015 Kidozen demo of a vendors CRM application

Simple console aplication in javascript to create youtube song playlist based on csv file with artist and songs
Small private tools
ISO/IEC 2000 APL Required Character Set




[WIP] ORM built around the unit of work pattern and a bring-your-own-persistence philosophy.
Copy of PHP-SRC updated with a fix for read/write timeouts on openssl extension. Branches exist for the latest stable release of 5.5.20 and 5.6.4   I can add additional branches if requested. NOTE: These changes have been merged into the current 5.5, 5.6,
clone from oreilly jenkins book
mdust from DFCI Gene Indices Software Tools (not my project; original link: ftp://occams.dfci.harvard.edu/pub/bio/tgi/software/seqclean/)

A simple catchy layout for your online resume
BurJS is a small and easy to use framework for building client side applications and lets you bind all your favorite libraries together.
a simple application which improves the process of learning e.g. words or dates by heart
Personal coding projects I have done.
Working directory of  Physics bachelor students of the University of  Amsterdam following an Astronomy-Astrophysics workshop
First repository
Randomly playing around with data science tutorials

Test for Extensions Manager




This is a repo of my engineer's thesis. All rights belong to Lodz University of Technology. 

this is my first repo.
Just a test to be sure everything is set up and working correctly

basic web theme for my profile and noBlackMagic.com
dummy repository


Following the Angular/Satellizer/Node/Mongo tutorial on hackhands: https://hackhands.com/building-instagram-clone-angularjs-satellizer-nodejs-mongodb/
opencv with python




TinyXML fork




BIddo is an online car dealing website
Personal dotfiles
A bootable text based challenger version .
As it says on the tin: notes on GitHub
Just another repository


This is sacred secret private stuff. I would be honored if you ask first or at least notify me.
My first attempt at a website. Starting from scratch html
Personal Portfolio Website
my vim
A (basic) Polymer based arc layout web-component.
pet project
A set of python scripts to convert csv files from various financial institutions to qfx.
Hexo Source for
 Configurations of various applications (e.g. nginx, memcached, W3TC, etc.) on small vps server powering my wordpress site..
Commercial Development in South Shore
Compilation of school programming projects from 2014 onwards
Basic PHP Template For Iron Worker
My first repository

The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Git repository for demo
A basic Grunt file which can be modified for any project
A small chrome extension to display and keep track of tabs count across all windows.
A small guide to help those looking to hire a developer or designer for iOS work. While tailored for iOS, many questions could be used for Android developers or designers as well. A great self-test if you're looking to keep current or practice for your ow


Docker files for my blog on VPS

this is the first time using github
Custom Wordpress theme development for flyrbord.com
Weather Forecaster is a simple weather application I am creating following the trick and tips of the Sunchine Udacity application.Enjoy! :)




Service Classifre for KDD's 99 Dataset, which split both training and test datasets based on service names on new files
Just some WebRTC tests.



Little repository to play with Git

ios tutorials
Wedding app for Jacob and Katie
Improving our QA process from complicated Google Spreadsheets to a simple app.



Randomly generates a language with grammar rules and a small dictionary of words.
Primary test

"Iteadstudio" Duel Relay & Mosfet Shield,Comes with a pretty useless library for checking each parts functionality,here is a slightly better one I wrote.(turns on and off each relay and mosfet with delays)
Ruby on Rails Tutorial

setting vpn and secure mail
It'll include test about Android development
An example theme to display Wundersite content
udacity course HTML/CSS
Java port of an old Amiga Basic program I typed in back in the 80's
My first steps in programming
puppet open >3.7

Web page for STT 2810
karma clone
projects for this class
A small webapp which zips and returns your multiple file.
My personal webpage.
A small udacity webapp to browse download courses using udacity api.
All the mini projects finished during the course "Data Communication And Networks" (Spring 2013)


The Website


Personal recommendations for your LJ reading list
Super-Simple jQuery plugin which finds the tallest child in a given container and sets its height on all the other children. 
Projet Android 2014-2015
Source code from Tien Nguyen's tutorial.
Practice respository
just playing around
Open Source Model Railway Control system

FRC 2015 robototes robot code.

things I write that I use

Learning
Project Euler Problem 32 find sum of pandigital products containing 1-9
SASS Framework from tutsplus course
Hotel reservation system by jango
dotfiles
This package is deprecated in favor of https://github.com/astronomerio/meteor-astronomer

DEPRECATED! USE MDCSS INSTEAD! PHP Styleguide.

Code for the current 2015 Team 2836 Robot

We will use the issue tracker of this repository to serve as the mailing list



This simple JS Module previews the uploaded images, before the actual upload of files
Dot files!
Repository for my personal docker containers.



A curated list of awesome Deep Learning projects tutorials and communities.
Learning the basics of C
A dumping place for various fonts I decide to tinker with.
Dashboard for small private servers
Create and send a simple text message

SHP file of parcels with situs address attached provided via public records request by local government in Lassen County California
Supporting files for testing index sizes post-ingest
Generates sample projects from a Github repository with some added user configuration
All of my dotfiles

Source code for html


A sample Laravel 5 app.
Projet de stage 2014-2015 (Node.js)
Notes and testing from Udacity's How to Use Git and GitHub class
Jackrabbit 2.9 with PostgreSQL example project
emacs 23 config
Clone

C basic helpers


Simple ruby script to query OMDB and add years to movie filenames.
Basic project template for GAE webapp2 projects
You can report people for any reason you desire!
Node.js server for REST api to control my home automation project
A scientific calculator coded in Java. This calculator includes all the basic functions and many other useful operations such as slope, line length, midpoint, median, mode, mean, cubic root, vector, range calculations as well as binary to decimal conversi
cd repository test 01

Code + Tutorials on computer science related topics. Hobby while in school studying CS, but may be informative to some...
A basic repository for playing with git
Database System Projects for Spring 2013 at University at Buffalo
personal web site
Exercise files repo for the JavaScript from Scratch course on PluralSight 

data visualization & representation, fordham college at lincoln center, fall 2015.
My dotfiles
This is where Micah and pals learn how to program in java in eclipse
A very simple script that adds CR to hunks in a diff, so it can be applied using patch to files with CRLF line terminators 
stats & charts and maybe predictions, just for fun
test your uploads

Sample DebugDiag analysis rules - C# and Xaml
simple multicore raytracer demo based from raytracing code from scratchpixel
This demonstrates how you can use the Adapter pattern to have 2 or more different interfaces communicate with each other.
Team 1793 Robot Source Code for 2015 FRC Competition

Just learning for a personal project
Simple todo app made with angular on local storage.
exrabbit usage example
Create a list of Software Engineering topics so that I can divide them among the 4 SE courses that we teach in our Software Development concentration.

Saving the raw files of my podcast to the web
Main Repository for Coding Ground
Learning Twitter's bootstrap


Christmas card created for my wife for Christmas of 2014.  It contains a little game when you click on the panda button at the end of the card.
Repo for Calvin College 2015 Interim course "Learning from Data"
Practice code in java and javascript
Blog
My get helped repo :)


OWS API (WMS/WFS) benchmark and stress test
Winter 2015 session of ART341 at Portland State University

CS 261 Assignment files Fall 2013 OSU
A flash-based multimedia presentation following visual design elements and principles about a card game called Tabiah
An experimental fully persistent Map that reifies time in collection access in Scala
ultra-simple script to update Hombrew(apt-get for OS X)
numerical methods for PDEs final project, Columbia University, fall 2014
Operating Systems Projects 
Off-season testing was done on one of our spare drivetrains from the 2014 season. New classes to generate polynomials and bezier curves for the robot to follow were created. Testing of the Command Based Template worked out well. We will switch to that for

Provides A Simple CloudFlare Module For Laravel 5
Version Control
just messing around for learning purposes


A repository which hosts the great contents of opensecuritytraining.info - for people who for some reason can not download the content from the original website, and for distribution's sake.
Conversion app by tutorial from Derek Banas


A small, simple and fast log shipper.

My first test repository
A simple utility for managing a pool of resources (e.g. servers) polling against a service and conserving work

Script interpreter to small ETL tasks
my personal website
Rust tutorial guessing game.
CS619 ProjectRemote Version


My blog posts published in www.javiersoto.me
Old and new java projects


Simple priority types for python
The material I covered when learning how to web dev. 
Codes Practice
A collection of scripts used for a project.
:person_with_blond_hair: My personal website.
A collection of sample projects using Spring Boot and Other Goodies 
My first repository on GitHub
Basic HTML using PHP test for Heroku
Some backgrounds. For who needs more space in their visions and desktops. 
Programming practice
Just a testing repo.
New to this community, I hope to explore the vast world of programming

Dimensions of various RC parts I've used for reference purposes




This is a basic Rails app to test Judge Gem
Collection of personal config scripts for development
github.io repo
Personal Website

Used to learn IOS programming
testing git 
A collection of CS/Software Engineering Projects created
Interesting Code samples in node.js
BYU ECEn 360 Electromagnetics - Winter 2015
Random applications used for learning purposes
frontend-nanodegree-resume


A simple Javascript file for benchmarking functions against one another
Status checker for some common services.

Repository for all the projects made by Project G


Azure Websites Deployment Demo
Nothing to see here.... just playing around learning node.js, MySQL and Cloud9 IDE
Simple particle engine written in order to learn Cinder


code samples from the book "JMX in Action"
Open Web Testing Project
BlackJack Game as final project in Intro to Ruby, Lesson 1
Doing the How to use a content provider Udacity class: https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud258/
Practice Repo for Scala

A simple historical stock price plotter made with matplotlib library in Python. Can be run from command line.
Solutions for Project Euler problems in Haskell (2014)
HTML & CSS class page.
A Simple Configuration File Parser in C++11

Small Javascript script simplified
My Little Resume

Examples of some "porcelain" git commands implemented with python bindings (pygit2) to the libgit2 library.
My personal config for the Friendly Interactive Shell
[FORGE] Test for energy API
Tests, schemas, and documentation for the Flow Base Programming Network Protocol
Collection of configuration files git controlled for quick setup and propagation
Test repository


learning using GitHub.
A simple C# program for Windows, for checking the devices in a local network (currently discontinued)
Simon's Stamp Collection App -- helps us learn GIT

A small Node.js script that finds product ingedients
My user page
Connect Four game written with partner during ICS 32 at UC Irvine/Simple Networking in Python
My implementation of the classic battleship.


first repository on GitHub



Collection of my various scripts for Blender
Challenging but I am just regular in JS.
This is a simple game I created using JavaScript to test the reaction time of clicking on a shape after it appears on the screen.
A copy of all posts that go on to the site (and drafts).
Boundaries is a small Corona SDK project showing how to calculate min/max visible X & Y values and actual screen dimensions


This is my code when i'm on university. I built it to learning Java.
Django 1.7 Hacker News Clone
This sample shows you how to add a DebugSettings flyout into the SettingsPane when running under DEBUG in order to clear application data (local, roaming, temporary, local cache, local settings and roamign setting).
Source files for my home page and blog.
Sample FreeBSD kernel module: hello world
learn and test how to use git and github
Program for finding palindromes in a specified range in a specified positional numeral system by the radix (from 2 to 36).It was a school homework, done at night Jan 2-3, 2015.
Postgresql vagrant configuration for hot standby, backup and cloning

git in practice
A fake project that's part of the Git Essential course at Tuts+ Premium

Simple implementation of a crit-bit tree in C
Documentation site and example code for using the TwitterOAuth library.
Learning Ember.js

2015 FRC robot code for team 2412, the Robototes.

Udacity Git Course

Github mirror of MediaWiki extension SemanticForms - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)
Playing around with React and Material Design

 :school: NMCT BA Project


A simple theme to get your WordPress site up and running in no time.
Practice repository for Udacity course 'How to Use Git and GitHub'
Read-only release history for Map-Metro-Plugin-Map-Athens
An app to help with textbook and resource access for my math class
Course assigment for computer networks.
A simple and less-data presale system for hacker events and all other live events.
A pretty-printing library for laying out text in two dimensions, using a simple box model.
Demonstration of null object pattern for presentation
2015 FIRST Robotics Robot Code. 

Version UTF-8 de fab

\N

Translation project and CodeCharge Studio IDE.

A basic functionality clone of instagram that I made during an iOS course I took. Uses parse backend and implements user registration, user authentication, and queries. Includes follower system and user feed system implementation. Also has pop-up alerts, 

TicTacToe game for C++ learning
A free software educational application for training elementary school students into basic arithmetic operations
Flash2PHP provide a really simple way of connecting a client app with a server side. 
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Software for testing the blinkbox Books website.

My personal page
"First Head: Design Patterns" book training source files
Oxwall plugin, this plugin powers up basic Oxwall video plugin with useful tweaks
Copy of wkhtmltopdf-amd64 binary
[DS @ FMI] A custom FileSystem project for the Data Structures course.
OpenGL demo of a point rendering and texture filtering technique called Surface Splatting.
Mirror of http://drupal.org/project/wizard_helper provided by hubdrop.
collection of handy scripts often used in DB/A activities
Repository of Richard Bird's problems with quickcheck properties.
Port of Blockly to generate Java code (for and edx course)
Basic structure for building HTML sites using Middleman, HAML/SASS, and HTML5 Boilerplate
Simple Java Swing Program for running your HQL and SQL Queries.
Git clone of DeSmuME hosted on SourceForge. Given that no change has been made there since 2015-03-18 this should be up-to-date, but I can't guarantee it :)
 Basic functions for handling mime-types in Erlang, JavaScript, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby, Java
  Language files for modest
A list of stupid and useless examples using doctrine2
ccrawler: a web crawler with eventlet
NetHack 4 is an open, community-maintained version of the classic roguelike game NetHack.  This is my working repo for contributing to it.  (If you are looking for the official NH4 repository, see nethack4.org.)
Spring Security and Angular JS:: A tutorial on how to use Spring Security with a single page application with various backend architectures, ranging from a simple single server to an API gateway with OAuth2 authentication.
a university course evaluation system written in Python using Django
We are MOVING to a new repo at https://github.com/octothemes/classic-dark

Math Quiz is a simple fun game for those who want to improve their Math skills. This application is targeted to toddlers, babies, young people and those who want to try it out. As of now, this project is just simple but with everybody's collaboration, thi
SivaLabs: A project for my personal use.
my blog application source.

A Java helper library I developed to help me in my various personal projects.

Just my useful scripts
A very small danbooru style image gallery.
\N
\N
Simple web problem that reads RSS feeds and combines them into one RSS feed. Also supports simple HTML rendering of the generated RSS feed.
An unofficial list of papers accepted to POPL 2013.
DEPRECATED: See scireum/sirius
\N
A fork of 'Basecamp theme' comes from redmine's alternative theme. (sigh)


mirror of git://git.p.engu.in/laurentb/brutha

Demo app showing how the Rails CVE-2013-5664 vulnerability works.
my own version of the zenburn theme for emacs
A small sample application showing two different architectures: multi-layer vs flow-design.
A simple CMS powered by Google Drive (PHP version)
Random text generation using ngram probabilities
Simple command line tool to log work hours using MongoDB
PHP micro framework study
The backup repository for the Lootsie Website
Fork of the Fung Institute up-to-date version of the Fleming disambiguation engine
Collection of useful ruby code snippets
An example of implementation of a Module Pattern of Javascript. Leave some comments or questions.
DEPRECATED Transparency Camp by Sunlight Foundation XXX
Bundle for the Doctrine OXM project (deprecated) - use https://github.com/doctrine/DoctrineOXMBundle

Brush up knowledges of Node.js
This repository contains the fonts created by me.
Easier test writing for C/C++
Deprecated: look at sharadmv/quizbowl
Testes com CSS3 para simular no browser algo parecido com o app Flipboard
Simple sinatra site with a script to check if the Bing API is functioning properly
Dummy repo with a redirect to new home for the original project.
Configuration files for tools I use (e.g. vim).
A demo Facebook connect application using the MultiPass library made w/ the Silex micro-framework.
Repository of tests for the Web-based Inquiry Science Environment (WISE)
Contains Verify - fast and extensible class for simple method arguments asserts. Example: Verify.Args(new { param1, param2 }).NotNull()
blog

stupid simple library for running queries against the Splunk API.
[DEPRECATED] Fun, fast, secure web development on top of Clojure/Ring
Flask using Github's gist as blog data store


an small particle system realized in javascript, with an small demo 
damn simple config file parser for python
Copy of @thomasdavis / backbonetutorials / modular-backbone-updated example with Twitter's bootstrap
a simple jquery tooltip plugin
a mini blog system run on GAE
MIUI v4 Russian Translation
mirror github / launchpad projects
Small example testing associations in Rails
Pelican Theme Demos
MOVED TO https://bitbucket.org/acoustid/musicbrainz-acoustid
(Deprecated) ElggCollection API
A small Wordpress Gallery
Hidden Secure Settings for Android
These are some of the set up scripts for my OpenERP cloud
A couple of simple helper classes to help in writing RESTful PHP Libraries.
Swedish translation for the upcoming 2.2 release of Processwire with multi-language support.
Account Control Panel (fork)
microDuke is a simple, standalone, multi-threaded, small web server written in Java.
A specification for code documenting tools
Database School Project
test
create a static HTML copy of a tumblr blog
Basic tab delimited import function for Wakanda
Example Code for Volume Rendering Tutorial

This example codes show you how to add 'do not backup' attribute to your files and directory.
A simple Ruby script to backup the entirety of a GitHub project to a local folder.

Web pages and other files for UW program in Python Programming
Example code for the General Architecture for Text Engineering (GATE)
Personal development tree for gnome-settings-daemon
Assignments and other work for UW course, Internet Programming in Python
Computer Science Testing System written for the University of Winnipeg
My own big js & php adventure!
Add process management to `list-processes'
A simple link saver application.

A small command-line python script that creates a local backup of your Flickr data.  It mirrors images, titles, description, tags, albums and collections.
Very Simple for jQuery Radio Image Select
My ad-hoc ruby, awk and shell scripts 
Create simple editable CMS content blocks in node.js. Wrapper for Create.js CMS framework.
My .vim
A MultiWorld/MultiCurrency economy plugin for Craftbukkit * DEPRECATED. Go in http://github.com/greatman/Craftconomy3 *



Coursera "Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Part 2" programming assignments
my dotfiles
My Jekyll Site

Small dropin library to translate utf8-strings into offsets in glyph-table.

My own linux config
This repo contains a first Demo for hands on  seminary

My VIM files.
my python scripts
code I write while learning ruby
Dotfiles
\N
incubator of new projects, some concept proves and tests
MO JS tutorial
demo
A simple SQL-based queue for Rhino.ServiceBus
An experiment to standardize individual donor names in campaign finance data using simple graph theory and machine learning.
a repo to practice some php skills

Testing Git commands
Notes from everyday work
Basic configuration management in Python
New-Style 6.006 Problem Sets
A blog dedicated to teaching designers how to write quality JavaScript based on jQuery examples.
test for GitHub practice

"Clone" of the RPG Maker XP Tileset Flag Interface

\N
web page about the author
some sources :-)

\N
Simple php site base template.
Scripts both written by myself and stolen from others. In 'dev' branch, lots of scripts are directly from others without any modification by me. I include them just for my convenience.
Collection of files I need publicly uploaded.

[DEPRECATED] A simple Android background service that keeps your GPS online for some specified amount of time.
GUI Samples with JSF, Richfaces, JQuery, CSS3, etc.

ps3 game translation team


\N
User settings backup
dot files
Another template engine for PHP...
This is a `git svn` mirror of the now dead Eternity SVN repository.  For more active development, please see team-eternity/eternity.
I am an AUR package maintainer. See my packages!
Config files for a riced up Arch setup.
This is a code storage of ATF tools learning group.
The Logger is a simple program that I created for logging activity throughout the day in a simple text file.
Modified version of Zend. In the future, this repo should go away and be a fork of Zend.

Blog
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Repository to store emacs config files

Personal dwm
Vim configuration
Testing Validity of a cross
overleap.js is a small JavaScript library to add blank space at the bottom of a webpage. With overleap.js, your visitors can scroll/page your website in a more native way.
A few ruby exercises asked by a potential employer
My first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Ruby on Rails demo application
Simple implementation of the memory filesystem for the Java 7 NIO Filesystem API
Easy online photo backup and albums.
Jonathan Rascher's resume
Intro to jQuery presentation
An old-school sample HTML text generator
just a test - never mind
An experiment w/ PEG.js: a simple language 2 express a strategy 2 shorten a tweet to 140 chars
A demo iPad app to showcase retail-specific features.
Faster testing rake task
Github page
My *nix Dot Files
Personal Website
A collection of free software and free culture badges
A test perl code base for evaluating git
A copy of my bash profile for anyone who cares to take a look
python library to manage small sets of vm
Simple script that allows you to put a limit on the number of words in a textarea field
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application
A Sample application using the new Android Beam feature in Android 4.0+ that relays a message to another device
Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application
A small app for scraping Wikipedia to find elderly Michigan alums
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
A challenge for myself: terminal battleship (like, battleship in a terminal. Not killing battleship.)
Example Rails project for use with the GithubCodeFixer project
Tutorial App from Michael Hartl's book
Data pattern generator for software testing and analysis
Html Guide for the "Chaos macht Schule"-Project in DD, Germany
vim setting & plugins
Light colorscheme for GUI Vim
My experimental fork of GPSEE
A collection of bash scripts that ease the use of screen sharing through SSH
University Work
The first app for RoR Tutorial
Small web experiments. Testing various APIs and JS libraries.
Gnome 2 themes
Emacs epackage extension's Yellow Pages (packages' sources list)
First app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Small helper script for importing MySQL databases.
Some resources for teaching javascript to my kids -- maybe works for others?
Some of my solutions to the exercises in http://pragprog.com/book/btlang/seven-languages-in-seven-weeks
bbsnode is a simple BBS like 2ch based on node.js,Express,Redis

a collection of useful ressources to start a new website from
Simple class for time operations
An example of an offline HTML application
Demo blog de Ruby on rails
Learn to program with Rails
A super simple web app that removes non-ASCII chars from pasted text. Written in Clojure/Noir.
Various config files I use
nodejs dependency testing
copy of sources in Test-Driven Javascript Development written by Christian Johansen
Scheme Testing Suite
A collection of sample projects from Yojimbo Corp blog posts
Re-code the depot sample from the book Agile web development with Rails
My dotfiles

A simple example demonstrating Cucumber-JVM using Java Step Definitions
My First Repo
My collection of aliases and functions
DEPRECATED - Follow Link for New Project

Ruby on Rails tutorial sample application

my dotfiles
Meet Vertexer, a simple 3D grid with which you can place paths in: 3D. Vertexer has vim-like controls and functionality. It also includes a library to generate POV-Ray files.
The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial 
zsh conf using zsh-git as a submodule, and more conf
This app is only a shortcut to your basecamp classic account. (Google Chrome Extension)
first repository
Vim package, including vim config file and plugins
my solutions to project euler problems
Demo application
First App from railstutorial

My personal textmate bundle with some nice enhancements
PHP Code Obfuscater

A small Google Chrome extension that prepends the week number to each calendar row.
A configuration set created for users new to FreeSWITCH. It doesn't expose what FreeSWITCH is truly capable of, but I hope new users won't get scared with this configuration set.
Vim configuration
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
A simple text-based adventure game. A Practice lisp program.
snippet code, useful code, best practice code, good structure and examples
Demo application - microblog
test

Sample Rails App
collection of php Files used (outside of framework) that I can use in teeny-tiny projects
Basic User Api example Really old, don't touch this, it won't work with the current API
Ruby on Rails demo app
My ubuntu config settings that I usually use setting up a new vm or machine
A collection of Flash Card Decks for use with the Anki SRS system
my personal portfolio site
landing page for eschulte.github.com

my macvim plugins

example of google javascript api
ManageR-plugin (QGIS) fork that includes soRvi-specific GUI goodies

This is my VFW git files
My CV/Resume and its LaTeX template
Config files, my way.
Eventworks development framework
my dotfiles
A fork of http://www.devbridge.com/projects/autocomplete/jquery/. Added a callback function after each ajax call completes.
*deprecated* My MacPorts
Economy plugin for tracking market prices and setting server store prices
system dialogowy RPG
Ruby on Rails sample, Chapter 3
I'm just learning rails... this is my sandbox to play in
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
University project writen in C#
My Dotfiles
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
combining examples from the book
Seven languages in seven weeks projects
The mobile portal page prototype is an implementation of a simple Wikipedia home page for portable devices.
A small parser of "TODO"-like statements in source code.
A simple Twitter viewer demo
Converts Gmail to Google Spreadsheets

Fork of TinyRadius - a Java-based Radius server library
PHP Test Test Program
Very simple and minimalist backend for a blog engine
Small web-app for learning languages nice and easy

Scripts for installing Node.js on different platforms
Tool to publish posts on a Wordpress blog from the command line.
API documentation for spinoff
A tool for generating valid HTML sites via the command line. Like a blog, but harder to use.
Octopus Replication Example
Pulling from https://github.com/mapbox/carto/tree/master/build/vim-carto
just for test
Rails Tutorial, sample app
Projeto de git do custo on-line
Small script I use to extract rar archives
Learning to use KML and Google Maps

my first project, test github's features :)
theme template of my blog built upon emlog. 
Conf Puppet Client
Clone of forum.pravda.com.ua

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Simple game to help you practice your hiragana memorisation
A collection of simple app examples for iOS 4

New sample application from tutorial book
simple logger for python but with new approach for logging per module
Testing environment for the OpenJUMP GIS.
school.hh.ru-java-stdlib translation to Python.
Simple Twitter bot to correct people when they misspeak about pete and his sakes
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample application
Vim command to open a file anywhere on the system with just a few hints


Ruby on Rails tutorial demo application
An introduction to recursive functions using python
Little project used to learn Scala. A association football management game.

The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
\N
Google Reader clone with pluggable sharing and favorites
My resume in Latex

Iuid a simple uid generator and storage
repo for london python coding dojo Season 3 Episode 5 (5th Jan 2012)
My dot files.
GitHub clone for Digaboard to apply some small fixes
my linux dotfiles
Some of my Javascript utility stuffs, written in CoffeeScript.
This is a test project
Programmatically generate documentation for your Puppet Modules
Kodak image sensor component with sensor driver, sensor control and basic image processing
Ruby on Rails
This is a practice repo since I am new to all this

Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application
My Git Page
A Small Ruby Image Library
blank rails project with fave gems and settings as a starting point...
for testing JSON based apiRequest()'s
Download and makeup program guides of a few channels for the next week
DEPRECATED since 5.4.2. Nuxeo Platform High Availability
My dotfiles
A simple jQuery plugin for keyboard scrolling through different sections in a webpage.

test
My own CSS base when starting a new project
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demonstration application
School papers
Most valuable pieces of my setup
An implementation of the caching assignment from Telus


Contains javascript file to be included in your webpage where dynamic element is being created. It has a function which does it all.

Simple OSX LaunchAgent to automatically set the Location based on a wireless SSID
A simple web server writing in javascript using the node wrapper for V8 engine 
my personal zsh configurations, nothing to see here, move along.
Temporary repository for new code related to goamz (launchpad)
git repository for FoneMonkey with minor changes for our project
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
A simple python applet for mate-panel
Project Euler solutions in Python
bash scripts
Simple example of using the Graph API on the server side with PHP for Pluralsight
Simple raytracer
Powerful and lightweight bootstrap/autoloader class for PHP5.
Samples to test various JQuery UI widgets (Tab, accordian etc). MVC3 application.
A place where Gran Turismo players can share settings and events
Ruby on Rails Sample Application
crazy, but works: it packs irclog, reindxr and ircbot all together
Pyramid plugin for HTTP Basic access authentication
Ruby on Rails tutorial first application
Git mirror of Voce voice interaction library, with my improvements (link goes to upstream)

Blocks of Maven dependencies, for quickly adding dependencies to projects
Ruby on Rails tutorial Demo Application
Some useful scripts for converting media files, using rtorrent and else
Nginx config files for Dahnielson.com
 BXR is an open source, ruby on rails file management system.
my php app framework
A Completely Javascript framework
An Implementation for a simple educational system using java, intended to contain all major concepts and techniques in the language. This is originally a homework for third year students in Damascus University.
minimal example demonstrating scala on android with opengl es
Demo Application for Devise Presentation
demo for isotope_contacts
My first github app
The second app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial.
simple programming language written in Java
Simple text ignoring on Android. Free to modify and redistribute and mangle and slaughter, just don't impersonate Outer Earth Interactive.
Redmine theme for ALMinium
Zelda clone
First project
A native Mac typing test

all my configuration files
Ruby on Rails sample tutorial application
Code. Creating backup and version controlling it across branches. Pushing to work across machines. 

Push to Server
Learning to code Python the hard way examples. Allowing me to practice from work or home. =)

just a test sample


tools to data mining news of websit
Code featured on the Fourth Moment blog
Main documentation for Participant Scheduling System



Web app for managing files on my server
\N
MIUI v4 Ukraine Translation
sitepoint mobile book tutorial in rails
Fork to bring patches to utidylib project that has been inactive for 7 years
My own little framework
Basic CRM/Intranet system
r code for analysis of jw file
PFC documentation
Ett Fem i Rad spel. 
The source code of my personal page
I got... 365 problems (to solve).
HBase Manager provides a simple GU Interface to interact with HBase Database. With HBM we can do all the basic actions like Table Create/Alter/Drop/Truncate and Data Modifications like Insert/Delete/Update.  The Scan Operation can be fully customized with
Backup scripts for Linux using rsync
Simple .NET e-commerce playground repository

Battlegrounds for mozilla.com work (mirror of http://svn.mozilla.org/projects/mozilla.com/)
iOS App
Documentation for the Grid'5000 API
repository progetti android

simple script to generate an ical/ics file of road cyling events in 2012 

private stuff for test, temp storage
My VIM dot files
Making markdown text files pretty. This is pretty much a clone of https://github.com/sanand0/markdress so the credit should go to him. I was surprised at how easy it was to implement in node.
My dotfiles
Some of those CLI Tools
the first app for ruby on rails tutorial
Keeps dot files under version control

Stuff which I collect and use in daily basis and not related to any specific projects
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application

My personnal .dotfiles and other config stuff.
My university project on a GPS iphone application
CoffeeScript code for example applications of "Professional XMPP Programming with JavaScript and jQuery"
Backup documents stored on www.e-boks.dk
Challenges solved in python (:
Misc. Ruby Benchmarks
node.js client for st9
personal twit backup website

Joseph Reagle New Media Culture Class


my dot files
Projects for Mobile Computing
Large file storage with Git

Rails tutorial project

Fork of http://www.technipelago.se/content/technipelago/blog/44
My Chef repo for developing cookbooks related to HPC and scientific computing
fork of master branch from git://slackbuilds.org/slackbuilds.git (read more on wiki). If you want to fork do it only with master (the other branches are temporary and are always rebased on master). alternative interface http://cgit.ponce.cc/slackbuilds/
A collection of short programs that demonstrate some basic functionality
Just a simple jQuery plugin to mimic the "Back to Top" feature of WordPress.com. Looking to rewrite with Vanilla JS
A simple chess game. I built this mostly to get familiar with the D3 graphics library. A demo is online at jake-chess.herokuapp.com

A simple 404 page that uses the URI as input to generate a 404 message.
Libraries for Qpid C++ client applications
a collection of text shotcuts for tech industry stock quotes, with a focus on Asia.

set of scripts to install development software on to a vanilla Ubuntu installation


Some general facts in mathematics.
Fork of Jeff Sharkey's script to highlight Android adb logcat output for the console.
Simplistic memory-only sync adapter for Backbone. It's a drop-in replacement for Backbone.Sync() to handle saving to memory.  Use for testing or volatile data that need no persistence.
Github mirror of MediaWiki extension CategorySortHeaders - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)
A collection of config files I'd like to keep in sync
This repo has moved to https://github.com/projectbismark/bismark-packages
Jekyll source for my personal blog
Just for messing around and learning
Bootstrapped WordPress Theme

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Collection of random hacks which aid in understanding the compiler/language
My solutions to The Linux Programming Interface Exercises
TurtleBot Documentation for ROS Groovy
Github decoration. Just for fun
Allows content to be submitted using Markdown, a simple plain-text syntax that is transformed into valid HTML. http://drupal.org/project/markdown
My notes and code backup chrome web application
Gnuplotting wordpress theme
multiple Config files save
Goto CSS declaration in an open *.css file


A personal Java swing variation of the popular card game 21
my dotfiles
freeorion svn mirror
Fork of http://code.google.com/p/throttled-smtp-appender/ but with threadsafety bugs fixed

Personal Vim plugin extension
Perl Script - A quick little perl backup wrapper for s3cmd sync
Directory structure and template files for starting a new WordPress theme or child theme.
Front-end Web Development Project 2: Online Resume
openmoko u-boot fork with support for iPAQ h1940 and rx1950
\N
My C learning notes
My dot files
A clone of the javaparser project, since that seemed dead. All submitted patches are accepted.
PHP and web development blog.
An example of how to use your finger to blur some parts of an UIImage

 Web frontend for MPD and Mopidy 
Bono's Github Page.

created during lesson 3 for hw2 

A set of scripts that will rapidly deploy Ubuntu servers / desktops to my personal liking






Google App Engine Buildout Demo
Small library to copy images from a remove host to local mashine.
Assignment 4 for Coursera Full Stack Web Development - AngularJS
First Node module
This is my branding research.
example code for working with the IGIndex (ig.com, igindex.co.uk) restful API

Steven BLOG
The template list for l3e-cli.
MkrViewer is a simple yet powerful markdown viewer for mobile (and desktop) platforms.
This is a required repository for the Launch School curriculum. It is intended to be a repo to store your solutions to chapter exercises to show the TA's during assessments.

Files used in atom video
Sample C++ application that demonstrates list vs vector.
My github page user site
Everything that you have saved in your computer now a one place to go. NO More having to download different apps to save different things. This one does it all!!!
Belated attempt to solve Advent of Code 2015
A curated list of questions for developers, engineers and IT professionals to ask while being interviewed.

The Odin Project practice: http://www.theodinproject.com/ruby-programming/data-structures-and-algorithms?ref=lnav
Storing various test code from Python courses - use at your own risk

Tiny project for me to keep track of changes to my website.

This is a template for README.md files for projects.
This is a test to check the CD setting in Azure from GitHub


Python Sphinx Read The Docs Theme
This is a repository for my personal website.  
The home site of author S.C. Barrus
A collection of code and projects for the RaspberryPi
CPT375 CakePHP Assignment 2015
3rd C++ College Project

Jumpstart labs blogger course


My resume
Example code how to connect LDAP server and perform search operation

A Project From Things Learned From Chrome Dev Summit 2015
My Predictive Analytics project for General Assembly Data Science course using NaNoWriMo data
A simple chess program.
This is a easy simple way to start any react projects or playgrounds. Just follow the README.md and enjoy
A PHP implementation of CoinPayments API wrapped up into a simple to use class.
HomePage For My Portfolio And Work.
Code for an tutorial to hide or show an HTML5 element, such as <div>, <span>, <iframe>, and more

A simple Rails Repository pattern implementation
A sample project to accompany a blog series
Small applet for rotating the screen on Unity Desktop
Yu Research Group Website
Sources for Docker images
An example React application (with test)
An example of using the Embeddable Search Engine to index and search PDFs
A simple interactive text-based assistant to demonstrate common API uses.

Some code to resolve my homeworks of the MongoDB course 
Various notes regarding AllJoyn development
This repo contains an iPython notebook which generates PDF pages of small labels for pinned insect specimens from data stored in an iNaturalist project.
A repository created following the tutorial: https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/
C++
Demo for the <ng2-markdown> component


A repository used to hold the files I've put together for updating firmware of a Neato XV Rev 113/Cruz board
Example of project for AdminLib

setup file for Ubuntu system
this is my attempt to redesign the existing homepage for placesbrands dot com and make it responsive


Cs229 and CS221 project, Stanford, 2015


my first git-hub hello-world
my new personal website for 2016

A respository for learning git.
A ruby linked list implementation
A directory I use to keep the code I write for doing http://www.adventofcode.com's 25 days of code exercises.
site wordpress
This repository contains all the programs I have created in Java and C using Data Structures
sky's blog
An Arduino library for creating simple sequences.

Just for practice
(prime group jq 01) jQuery assignment, building a fruit market. (Worked with John, Sam, and Ashley)
A translation of Apple's sample code PocketCoreImage into Swift
Fork feed
Dotfiles to be managed by stow.
Personal Website

programming problems/contests code

It is created for the purpose of testing. Reference to the OpenCV 3.0 is added. 

This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.
My attempt at creating a procedurally generated rogue-like


A small collection of methods to perform math operations on colors


Public repository for http://hdblogger1.blogspot.com/
Learning android studio and git


random tidbits as i work through perl6intro's syntax & features intro
copy paste to new comps for env on terminal sheel

Part of The Odin Project. The "Building Blocks Project" in the "Basic Ruby" section of "Ruby Programming."  
For practice, I created this subscription-based Ruby on Rails web application utilizing ecommerce and software as a service models.
This is a test repo
SAMPL1 Database used for Benchmarking Hydration free energy calculations
My Personal Homepage
A clone of the popular mobile game Flappy Bird, using libGDX framework.
Multipart resume site
My first repository
My experiments with Twilio's Voice, Client, SMS and Connect APIs.

Small Javascript checkers game

A personal clone of the HLStats project source code. Use the `1.65` tag for the last stable release.

The sample app from the Ruby on Rails Tutorial

ContentProvider sample





This is a repository to store sample packer and vagrant build scrpts
my own dotfiles 
A simple demo repository

Example Rails app for socket_helpers gem. Running at http://socket_helpers_example.herokuapp.com
A personal website.
my dotfiles
Be Colorful GitHub Pages
"Fork me on GitHub" CSS ribbon Assets for Yii Framework 2.
leetcode repo



thinMatrix openGL game tutorial

Simple way to chart json data!

Documentation repo for Zhibaihe packages.
5 unbalanced audio input switching via I2C, with 2 high voltage relays. 
Implementation of a basic Java Chat using Java IO.

A script made up of the work of several different minds used to read a .csv file to SSH into Cisco IOS devices and tftp their configs to a remote server. Requires PyCrypto, Paramiko, and Python 3. With some small modifications can be used to fully automat
Just a demo on how to use Spring Boot to reverse engineer a MYSQL database
thinking around your job offer at a tech company
Test repo
repo for my course


This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.

Sample crud operations in rails
A terminal session with the host running SPJS. As of version 1.87 of SPJS you can send/receive basic terminal commands to host operating system. This widget is a front-end UI for the terminal from ChiliPeppr.
Example using Chef to Setup a Website

A basic geometry package written in Go
My first attempt at React Native. A simple guessing game using the Etsy API.
A work in proggress of a repo that allows you to share code and store it in a very user friendly place.

profile and dot files for linux

A fork of https://github.com/agoldst/tex adding support for the modern beamer theme (https://github.com/matze/mtheme)
This is a simple todo application, but the new features will be added to the application in time. It's built by Laravel framework

Trying a Stanford course out. http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs106a/index.html

Setup with Express and React in ES6 with webpack and nodemon with basic Login and Database
101 Programming Foundations at LaunchSchool.com

Some thoughts about dream 
Tetris in Javascript, because I was bored.
A simple and easy demonstration for using PHP with MySQL over localhost. This project ReportCard Tool performs the insertion, Deletion, Updation, Searching over MySQL database with help of interface provided by html and PHP.  









the project is to learn basic skills  with Udacity
One-liners for use with Rackspace Private Cloud

example shows how to deploy gradle app on heroku
simple module loading
Google Homepage Clone
My first web app

Just another repository
Java Projects


Sample module for adding custom category attribute to Magento 2

terrible fork of DanMcInerney/wifijammer

A translation of Apple's sample code HeadsUpUI into Swift
Seok-Lyong Lee's Page
A trial during my ios course 
Simple Neopixel rainbow pattern for the ATtiny85


Repository for my dev environment dotfiles
Just some random work done by me


learning ruby koans
basic settings
personal solutions for Advent Of Code 2015


lot of small independant projects


My DBC Phase 0 github pages site!


Demo app rendering react on the server

My first project on Github
My files for the course "Front-End JavaScript Frameworks: AngularJS" on Coursera.
Plusdeal API Sample Code
First Repository



For proposed Node.js Testing Working Group. Hopefully can be moved to nodejs org before too long...
Normal the rasppi setting and config 
This is my first repository
Personal website template

My quick solutions with Erlang for Advent of Code 2015

Joomla Framework Testing
https://github.com/celluloid/celluloid
hare u can get all the project file of php tutorials series in hindi


vue.js gulp webpack demo





:octocat:This a personal blogs powered by GitHub which is the freest place to share views and make notes for any programmer!
test code of customer register and staff list, ect by phpand Mysql

Sample repo for workshop purpose
Java game. Created to practice project development, OOP principles, etc

Very simple C# 6.0 console application to merge all MP3 files within a directory into a MP3 file with the same name.
An app that runs jmeter scripts programatically created for demonstration purpose. 
Welcome repo for ReviewNinja to help you get started. Feel free to delete when you're done, we won't take it personally.
First test proj
php simple login without database
this respositroy contails sources file
gt's repository for student-made tests and course notes
Some documentation for modding Duck Game.
material reddit clone
A test application for a 2D modular character creator subsystem for 2D games!


New Repo
Contains example code for the edX Advanced XAML course

Online backup datastore of all my programs. Feel free to rummage through :)
Solving Advent of Code 2015 in Ruby
Sefitalia website
iOs9 Swift 2 - Learning 
My dotfiles
Solution to hackerrank programming questions -> PHP
A basic site layout with the Susy engine
Ansible playbook for setting up a Linux dev machine for web development

Simple Node.js application with Redis as data store to demonstate docker hosting with sloppy.io

Simple voting app created as part of FreeCodeCamp course.
this is my first depoistory
Vagrant Lamp stack for project work

A responsive resume
learning the basics of npm
Fork of 1pass (1Password-compatible password management tool) by Ryan C. Gordon


A Plex Media Server docker image.
practice

Final assignment for Cousera "Responsive Website Basics: Code with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript" class
my daughter's website

my first repository on github
Nyaa personal site.
A sample flask blog
Simple SPA example with Rails+Redux+React+Router+Webpack

summary and ppt for the book Learning Agile
My portfolio I created for Treehouse's web design track.

My test projects of frameworks written in Java language.
App made by learning Michael Hartl's Rails Tutorial.

Dotfiles
prjects of our labs in Buaa University

OpenGL Experiment showing the first 20 generations of the 'Dragon Curve' math fractal.

The solution for an assignment in course - "Timekla tehnologijas 2"
A repo for testing webhooks
Beginning Level Team Treehouse Android Course App.








C# Style Guide



Web development stack with apache, mysql, php

My own self blog and content for your Data Analytics Learning

my web projects

To use in the course for learning Android
Test projects
The simple but versatile Text Reader for UWP
SkyWarp in PE server
My first blog

My own self blog and content for your Data Analytics Learning
A Simple Row and Column Grouped HTML Table Generating Library

spring-security-with-boot-example
St.Anthony's Catholic Church of Shenzhen Web Demo






For practicing HTML, CSS, JS, and the like.
Simple parser for HakerNews site
this is just for test



Firmware for a Midi Keyboard I built using my 3D Printer and a Teensy 3.2
Hello-World Repo 1


For the deepstream / Amazon Web Services Simple Notification Service Tutorial




IBInspectable_IBDesignable_Demo is a Sample code use IBInspectable and IBDesignable on Objective-C 
BarCode and QrCode demo using ZBar

This is a new seas project app created during Ruby on Rails course
My local configurations for extending thoughtbot/dotfiles.
Zheng's blog created by Hexo
Personal collection of adblock filters
A simple Resume Template

This is a skeleton of Angular2 application with some basic features, approaches, etc.


NEW SIMPSONS
AngularJS 2 quickstart
Eloquent Java Script Exercises
Google clound messaging with Chrome - Notification demo
React Sample Apps
Test for issue https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-config/issues/314.
Detecting communities in Facebook ego-networks - Project for the "Statistical Analysis of Network Data" course by Eric Kolaczyk at ENSAE ParisTech (visiting professor from Boston University)

Trying to learn some basic Python
Sammelsorium of code used in various projects

A small utility to add battery status and git status in zsh prompt
learning c#
a solution to code-chef problem of max profit earned from a quiz

My Resume

first app 
A simple event system for Minecraft Client
A simple initial cookbook for testing chef functionalities
My current vim config
My own Repo for very strange and chujowy projects


My arduino's projects



C programming
Steps in reviewing and refactoring the code in question http://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/115600/solving-adventcode-day-6-puzzle-toggling-lights-in-a-grid
.files for vim, zsh, tmux and git



Basic algorithms written in C#.
i am learning python


This is clone of the Tinder app with basic functionality, using Parse and Facebook SDK.
a simple tool to make native JavaScript object iterable, e.g. used in for...of


just for fun repo
My personal blog
Simple guide explaining how to generate a h.248/megaco parser


A simple Java app to keep all places you visit I made when I started to learn to code for Android and I have refactored with Eclipse refactoring tools.
My code for Algorithmic Thinking course, Rice University @ Coursera
My practice  
Projects done in order to learn HTML&CSS
I learn CS2020 from 2/1/2016
Basic web server with PHP functionality
Docker Nginx Test.


Learning github
Collection of useful code snippets in various languages, feel free to use or extend :)
Simple rest client python class

This is a sample on Backtory's back-end as a service product for Unity.


Udemy React Tutorial
A mod that offers a base for building fastest like maps.
My Cucumber Selenium example





Simple app (15KB) to launch Storage Settings directly from the apps drawer
test

Demo application for disruptor-net

This is a small class that allows you to decode the Google Polyline Format.

Learning Git-Hub
It's an simple demo of ray tracing from the book<Fundamentals of Computer Graphics> of Peter Shirley using c++.
All of the projects I've done in previous courses
First Githud Repository Trail
Small tools writed by myself

boostrap 3 template
php

A hello world example for pygame. The game displays a box that can be moved around with arrow keys.

Java project template
Docker for githubpages development
Repository for a project implementing the SIP stack for online communications. Being the 3rd laboratory project for course M7021E at the Lulea University of Technology, Sweden

A very small game engine I have been tinkering with
Test repo for hook development 


A set of scripts that I maintain and use on my systems.  You mgiht find them useful too.
My first repository on GitHub.

placement task for android dev course 
test
Personal Website

This is a bunch of code and data files from attempts to connect a microcontroller to the motor controller of a Jazzy electric wheelchair. NONE OF IT WORKED.
Full website example.


A simple web front-end providing read-only access to download .zip files of projects
For Udacity "How to Use Git and GitHub" class

A learning all about Lumen project for tracking personal expenses.
Experimental very basic reactive streams implementation for JavaScript
Day 2 of Variety Megajam
R Course - Program Assignment 3
steam backup covers
Une demo de git

.gitignore file for Drupal8




vm,Cloud,storage

This is my first time to use GitHub,so I creat a test repository
my solution to lintcode problems
A simple ecommerce website created with PHP and Python. Currently under Development
my-vim setting

I've started using GABBI to test my web application, but I've found it a little difficult to get into.

Treehouse tech degree Project 2
Practice files related to my study of "The C Programming Language"
A simple C# application to verify who unfollowed you. Learning purpose only.
To work through the tutorial
FRC 2016 Source Code
School

This is the main project for the Ruby on Rails course

The first main part of my diploma thesis which must be delivered to finish the course Semestral project

takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website
my java homework
Simple web page with Leaflet map and geolocalisation.
Simple android project to manage my hours at work


This the a fine example of my Swipview of tab, and Navigation Drawer.
 A sample project using Spring Reactor which implements a Async Task Execution Scenario

Life is not what you have gained but what you have done!
My submission for the google code in task.

My first java script ive made ;)

Private school project/assignment
A development environment sample for WebPack's Hot Module Replacement with Babel, React, and Sass






Video Color Sampler - sample video frame colors at runtime
My version of the Javascript Chess Engine, created from watching video series provided by http://www.bluefever.net/Chess/index.html
chunks of code from my Data Science Projects...
This is the demo of isomorphic webapp using React + NodeJS
Modules with diferent purposes for android projects.
Example Scala programs demonstrating the use of different monads to query and work with the github api.
pimp my vim

All the small (may be non userful ;-) ) automating scripts or programs that I made.

A simple chat system written in NodeJS using Sockets and Connect
This is the test website for my blog



My New Repo
Android app made for course DAVE3600 @ HiOA (2015)
simple angular project to display a list of stocks
Web object inspector used to automate testing software with Selenium 




General Assembly - Learning Java



content management website
This is a hello world project. just for fun.
Project for Algorithmics course. Bloom and Cuckoo filters used for remembering elements added to list.
Just testing
Stockmarket demo app build with ionic framework and firebase
course project for shaniu



Fork of the espruino MQTT module
Irish School transitions as Sankey Diagrams
Short example of attempt to animate a hive plot that I haven't been able to make work.
Files for the REACH High Spring 2016 course: Intro to Web Design Using Bootstrap
A sample repo for use in creating new storage modules for Botkit
Head First C# series
Programming in Scala book, tutorials code

An example of using emacs org mode (babel/tangle) to set up a docker shell session and generate/run an image.
resume repository



Android app for practice

practicar ryby sample app

Test 1, 2, 3

Notes for 'RxJS - Javascript library for functional reactive programming' book ( http://xgrommx.github.io/rx-book/ )
This repository is created just to understand how a repository is to be created in GitHub.
simple form validator based on javascript validation API
A sample project to learn angular js
The GetHub Hello World Tutorial
Practice programming problems on LeetCode

Golang forms library. It's meant to be for personal use, but if you like it you can use it.
Fullforms is a simple RESTful API which will give you access to lots of fullforms and meanings of shortforms via simple http request.

Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Stanford University @ Coursera
A dumping ground for old projects I wrote for my undergrad at The University of Pittsburgh. Nostalgia, youth, poor variable naming. It's all here.

A simple balloon popper game for toddlers built using the concepts explained in "Mastering Android Game Development"


This repository is about to practice programs from HackerRank.
A simple python based application to execute code to remote device via ssh
my dotfiles
basic angularjs search app repo


first repository
Typicode Fetcher. A tiny project for FOSSASIA/Google Code-In 2015.

My DailyVenture site
A custom hosts file with security in mind
Git and GitHub tutorial repository from Udacity
App to store information on new acquaintances so that you don't forget their names
First github repository
Repo for my Advanced databases assignment. Almost finished anyway but I want the timestamp before submission 
Programs created during first year at University of Maryland
New test repo

simple data access framework written in java
Swift 2 implementation of the Stanford iOS course's graphing calculator assignment
A list of simple Ansible roles we use in our project 
My solutions for the project euler problems written in C/C++.

Sniffing SIP traffic and forwarding it via TCP to a statistics server (e.g. for creating CDRs)
Archive of little projects I've made to play with new languages (computer and human) or work through a text.

for testing
Sample AS/Intellij Android project using retrolambda and Lightweight-Stream-API
My /etc dir backup
Online e-Learning for Elderly Final Prototype Repository
A PHP sample showing how to extract viewables from the Autodesk OSS storage to your local machine

My first Pokedex had a lot of merge issues so I created a new repository to work with
Learn Stuff - Software engineering - design patterns code samples.
Testing Spring JDBC + CDI
Docker image for compiling Java webapps and deploying to installed Tomcat
Irwin Brady's Text, as of the end of 2015.

Toy example of D3 used for making a browser game. Hits performance limitation pretty fast. 
A simple busy indicator which can be trigger from any child or navigated page in react native application
My practice from books
UHC documentation (split off from UHC repo)
My backup of configs in $HOME
Test server
testing repository
Small project as exercise for school
This is a simple address-demo for exploratory purposes.
Simple Fading Testimonials Widget (Wordpress Plugin)
My github page
Docker images for physical computing (Raspberry Pi 2 GPIO)

The source code for my Android app, Wave Runner
Personal Home Page
A simple SSH-like server
KGViewSeparators is a small helper library that helps to quickly insert separators into a view. No subclassing required!
My first repository





All of my android work. Includes Toast exercise, SQLite exercise, 
Example scripts for OpenCV (Python).


A simple Java software module for processing package dependencies.

This is a simple C# program that find the average of an array and the highest and lowest value of an array with the help of functions
Documentation (Python tutorial and how to use Reeborg) in multiple languages
Android app to display the contents of your Google Calendar on a Simple Nook eReader (although it should also work on other Android based eReaders).
Implementations of the most well known algorithms applied in Machine Learning in Octave/MATLAB. 
My final project for ECE241 (U of T). It's a single-player version of the arcade game "Pong" implemented in Verilog.
Apache Docker image with configurable ServerName
My dot emacs
Hadoop tasks repository for Parallel and Distributed Computing course at MIPT 2015


testing
A basic ionic hybrid app
My first test repository

A fork of NFCLockscreenoffEnabler for Marshmallow
Coursework for coursera machine learning class
Testing specific features of https://github.com/miekg/dns
style guide for New England VegFest
My dotfiles
Simple SSIS for VIsual Studio 2013
This is an example site for the intro to Front-end Web Development Course at Flatiron School.
some fun experiments


My personal blog where I talk about technical concepts related to being a front-end web developer
Personal blog
Simple React app for GitHub search API


Golang code for simple Monte Carlo simulations 
A set of 'HelloWorld' demos using various GWT and SmartGWT architectures including HTTP and DMI

A basic App showing Fragment Display properties in Android


See YouTube: https://github.com/michaelbiafore/RemoteExample.git

A small app built with flask for the final project of ud330 Full Stack Foundations class for udacity. 
This repo contains the codes that I write for learning the MEAN full stack framework


 A curated list of awesome actionhero.js resources!
Simple java server websocket and client websocket

Setlist Data Connector for Tableau

A multi channel log emitter(a clone of my php snitchin) written in GO
My Java repository

develop react-redux to learning any more
Steps in reviewing and refactoring the code in question http://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/115012/report-for-a-restaurant-showing-hourly-sales-information-for-a-given-timespan
My first repository on GitHub
Setting up a new Mac
Assignment from freecodecamp.org, to create a small api microservice that parses the requesting browser's header and returns os, ip address, and language. http://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/basejump-request-header-parser-microservice

Small script that allows you to download movies from the ZDF mediathek
Few react components to compare github stars evolution of popular github repositories
My practice of testing website payoneer.com using howitzer cucumber.

A collection of the files for a sample website about wolves. It does not work.
A lightweight Node/Angular2 app to let my friends and family know what foods I can eat
Udacity Course Work


Setting up sprites and platform controls in easeljs
First Playing with Github desktop
Example web server from node.js developer course
Osvaldo Malvizzati Painter - Personal Website
linux dotfiles managed via gnu stow
A client webpage which turns mathematical expression trees to artsy animated GIFs.


My Personal Website




A simple example of an app created using Ransack and Rex.
A list of papers I read in 2016

Simple flickr app create with ES2015
I'm experimenting react native. This project is work in progress...
My own utility collections

Test program 

A simple i18n translation and localization library for React+Fluxible applications.
Profile website
Curso Git da Code Education

A simple flashlight app for Android
python the hard way tutorial/book
Simple Docker image for testing SSL certificates

Simple dockerfile for use with wercker to compile android 6.0 projects
Intro and Next Steps in Foundation
Backup copies for various projects i  fiddle with.

My personal Docker containers I use for development.
Very basic implementation of personal site built with Django
Source code for my blog
Download script for grabbing data out of a twonky media server

Source code developed during summer internship.
Shite I make while being really bored
Optimizer for Pythonlike language, for Compilation Theory course.



Demo project for a blog post on using Ninject with Prism for Xamarin Forms




Simple Snake Game with Phaser using Typescript.
:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component

I have created a demo interview app using Meteorjs and Kurento. Sample 5 interview questions are there. Once the user clicks on start button, he /she can see see a question which has  to answered within 3 minutes or else it will disappear. Kurento media s


Attempting to create a github based blog for all of my coding meanderings
basic project boilerplate
OS X Config files

Program for testing Classifiers implemented in Weka using Cross-validation


Git starting

An example of a blog written in Ruby on Rails

Finagle practice
Guidelines for pitching Project 2 ideas

:wrench: My usual Jekyll set up

A template vector library sample in C++ to use vectors
Reflections from the "How to Use Git and GitHub" course. Udacity.
Following Udemy React Course - learn-and-understand-reactjs
Basic libevdev binding for node.js
Small web app with example of components creation with reactJS
My first repository on GitHub


Small educational scripts to teach programming, some math, possibly some physics.
Python course

Python Automation GUI Experiment (PAGE)
main page of website
Get basic stats for each repo in a GitHub organization as org-mode tables
My personal website
compiler I wrote for University class
UDP flooder written in python 2

A personal guide on how to get started making games by Jonathan Topf

Template for testing pgxntool with pgxntool-test
Template repository for building Ansible roles off of, including good unit testing and documentation.

Tests towards doing basic pyglet rendering tasks faster through data orientation and numpy
Simple API for both iOS 7 upwarps, wrapping UIAlertView and UIAlertController


New Folder created
A translation of Apple's sample code Using UIImagePickerController to Select Pictures and Take Photos into Swift

Practice Project
A simple blog/website practice project powered by Node and the Express framework.
A simple neural networks written with regularization and unit testing in python.
Docker image for raspberry pi - pigpio service


Predictive aiming test case for @EntropicFlip
Simple tool for setting up reminders. Works in the background, allows to create/modify/delete reminders and their reoccurences. Application created in VS 2015.  Feel free to contribute.
Using HTML and JS Create the Standard Animation Practice of Making a Ball Bounce

A simple web todo list application employing jQuery, CSS and HTML
Pelican Theme for my personal site (http://crowdersoup.com)


Small database based on local .json files

small web parser that gets all the top jobs and visualizes the various salaries for each position
Mi first application created using Ruby on Rails.
Tests for the dxLib repository on GitHub

JS implementation of examples from "A Programmer's Geometry"




personal site

This is my CakePHP blog


A simple encrypted password manager created with node-js
My First jquery lab
An excerpt from my Summer 2015 REU project with the BU Bioinformatics Department (BRITE REU).
Project created using Intellij

Repository for an Simple Test PHP Application


A collection of links of my preferred web tooling.
Simple application to take notes
Final Project for the CS225 Computer Science/Java class

Initial set up playbook for CentOS 7

Simple implementation of the game of cribbage

Algorithms Robert Sedgewick Course Work
a website playground with bugs for QA testing

My repository containing Python scripts. 

Qt test application for asynchronous local file reading
Simple rummy implementation in C++
my blog code
Just some basic server shiet to mess around with
Home server dockerfiles
This repo is part of Coursera's Machine Learning Course.

Inheritance, Access modifiers in inheritance, super keyword, class hierarchy in Java
My vim config
A look at how to build a simple order book using C++,with testing being done using Google Test
This is the first app we build in the iOS course

Example of project for AdminLib




Mirror copy of the Debian packaging of python-q

Fork of https://code.google.com/p/io-2012-slides/

Learning Play framework in Java

This is the first app we built in the iOS course

Testing out iOS SpriteKit 
Demonstration of how the .Net geometry-api-cs computational geometry library can be used as a RabbitMQ worker
Resume for David R Prothero in Bootstrap and Angular.js
Small app based on the SDK's StackWidget example to bring the old ProTips widget forward to ICS.
personal site and blog
Small, quick chat server as an Erlang exercise
This repository contains the EmulationStation theme "Carbon"
GitHub clone of SVN repo http://trac-hacks.org/svn/sumstatsplugin (cloned by http://svn2github.com/)
git clone of sybrenstubel's flickapi hg repo (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi/)
Sphinx documentation for the Tinkerforge system
Advanced lesson in iOS 9 Devslopes class about auto layout and constraints in Xcode.
Learning: to show how to use template in C++
A complete, yet simple, starter for Angular 2 using webpack 2
Super simple (static) web service to grab VAT rates for all EU Member States, in preparation of the new 2015 VAT regulation.
A curated list of awesome Assembler
takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website
a free and open-source calculus textbook
To track development I do for the Windows platform
Bubbles that do text and image transfer things.
Example script - how to use the ESP8266 as IoT device
fast.js is a simple, tested, ready-to-used javascript algorithm library for any node.js and browser.
Playing around with generic collections in java$cript

A collection of small C programs
An Unprofessional Blog Engine Created With ASP.NET MVC By Tugberk Ugurlu
My github pages site.
Repository used as support for my studies about MVC with Hibernate and JSF, based on the book Caelum FJ-26
Sagittarius fork

First Draft of LmntrX Official App. Changes may be made to this repo. May be modified or replaced.

 My solutions, written in Python, to the problems posted on Project Euler -- a series of math problems which can only be solved using a computer.
My Emacs config
My personal Vim installation, following the same procedures as the Janus project
fork of gojsonpointer with support for structs
Arnold Worldwide training repo for git and github
Mirror of http://dvcs.w3.org/hg/webdriver/ 
My personal vim files.
This repository has been deprecated, please use one of the separate ANDS application-specific software repositories listed at: http://github.com/au-research/
tecgraf's iup src repo mirror

My personal blog

A stripped down cmsMake which *only* makes, nothing more.
Simple command line tool for generating safe passwords from a master password
Just a bit of code I would like to share. For example my server side Google Analytics tracker written in PHP.

My dotfiles
blog
test
crawler4j fork from Google code

Core part of Jackson that defines Streaming API as well as basic shared abstractions
my dot files
My vim dotfiles, ellipsis.sh compatible.
jQuery plugin for creating a gallery of zoomable images from an anchor list.
Contains my dotfiles
My fork of OpenWRT 12.09 Attitude Adjustment branch
Keep track of your personal wine list
Documentation about the Grml Server
Simple PHP API to use Wunderground service
Multiplayer Boggle Clone
Michael Hartl's Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application
Mirror of git://git.sv.gnu.org/inetutils.git
My custom devel config files, dot files and helpers needed to only have to install it on a new machine and start geeking
Simple documentation generation for Brat
Mirror of https://git.netfilter.org/libnetfilter_log
everzet (life|work) dotfiles
My resume
Example scaffolding for hosting Ruby applications on Windows Azure
Small Python script that takes a list of directories zips them and uploads the zip to a ftp server. Also deleting all zips older than the configured stale option. Thought it could be useful to someone out there.
Soluciones para problemas en http://coj.uci.cu
A simple demo of a web page interacting with sleepy mongoose REST api using JQuery. Instructions for Mac OSX running MAMP.
this is just a mirror of https://bitbucket.org/hasufell/hasufell-overlay
various pieces of code used by many of my projects
My personal vim configuration
A git mirror of official flickrapi hg repository (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi) with some additional customizations.
Used for some changes for the swiss pirate party, based on a "git svn clone http://svn.code.sf.net/p/postfixadmin/code/ --stdlayout" and a "git filter-branch --prune-empty --tag-name-filter cat -- --all"
Programa simple de redes neuronales para java
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/wordsearch-android
Resume in LaTeX.
Basic plugins for TweakCart2

(inactive and unmaintained) A set of loosely coupled machine learning, data-mining and bioinformatics applications in a broad range of functional languages.
a collection of graphical effects used in the demoscene
my dotfiles
svn clone http://dangerous-prototypes-open-hardware.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Bus_Pirate
Pointers to useful, well-written, and otherwise beautiful documentation.
fork of buildout.eggnet
My vim files
My personal emacs configuration, using heavily git submodules for external packages
test
Clone of git://anongit.freedesktop.org/gstreamer/gst-plugins-base
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
My main website
My Blog
Testium is a very Flexible and Plugin-able Test Automation Engine written in java. It is Open Source and fully supports the XML-based file formats of the Standardized Test Tool Interfaces as described in http://www.testtoolinterfaces.org/. Other file form
New Flyspray theme proposal
A blog for node.js.
A collection of Xcode Templates that I use. Well...so far only Coda and SIMBL plugin
My vim ultisnips snippets
Obsolete, see https://github.com/atykhonov/google-translate
Open source e-commerce and marketplaces made simple on the JVM
My dotfiles, for my mac
Finnish translation for Symphony CMS
LaTex version of resume
The sachin21's dotfiles
A simple python script to monitor sensors
A dark color scheme for Vim.
A cross-platform clone of the popular Lazy Newb Pack for Dwarf Fortress.
Various configuration files
Fork of warsync
Deprecated, see https://github.com/Stonelinks/stonelinks.github.io
git - the simple guide
Reid's DR git clone
A simple websocket client for send and receive data from a Node Server.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

Vim dotfiles for pathogen and other configurations
An example website template for managing a band using Ruby on Rails
Simple issue tracking system written in Rails 3
This is a fork of the open source agent simulation platform "Gestalt".
My VIM setup
Very basic template for new rails projects
my dotfiles

Copy of the last free wurfl.xml data file
  This project has been deprecated.
My Jekyll-based blog
Fork of https://code.google.com/p/cssjanus/ with modifications required by Khan Academy.
My vim config
Personal git mirror of the tmux repository
Temporary copy of https://code.google.com/p/bastmush/ , nothing to see here, go over there.
This is a copy of the JNLua repository over on http://code.google.com/p/jnlua/
This project contains several java ibraries and utilities that are either too small to be hosted in a separate project or are still in an "incubation phase".



This is a practice Ruby project using cucumber for web-site testing
Solutions to short programming challenges from http://reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer
Create a demo chat app using SocketIO and NodeJS
Basic Word Game

repo for my cloud pebble apps
A repo to hold the HSBNE Tumblr blog theme.


A fork of the WordPress Simple Colorbox plugin
dotfiles

A minimalistic theme for Sublime Text that comes in 2 flavours.

Mirror of  vim-scripts /c.vim version 6.1
A small program that grabs forum titles every minute

vim rc files and configurations


my resume
A wrapper around the basic pattern I generally use for compojure projects
Sample iOS game developed with Objective-c, colour memory




practice in webGL & common gamedev 

Sample code that shows how to embed a youtube video player in an Objective-c application using UIWebViews
Dr Cyan is a simple Choose Your Own Adventure engine based on Markdown files.

Collected resources about Facebook's React

This is an initial step to practice Python and Git 
Depth first maze builder in Scala
personal website source code
A simple, yet beautiful, code highlighter for WordPress.
vim configuration
a collection of my dotfiles for easy cloning
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo app
Docker config for a ghost setup. Extra: nginx vhost config template with performance optimizations
edX course programs
The demo app for Ruby on Rails tutorial


Ed Hatrick-Smith's Portfolio site
http://blog.falafel.com/blogs/BasemEmara/basem-emara/2014/01/02/getting-started-with-web-components
A collection of post install scripts for configuring security, development environments, and servers on debian. Just here to make things easier. Free Software Only.


A simple sinatra boilerplate + twitter bootstrap (v3) to build a simple kick ass website
Python code based generative art.
This is an open source project of using Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) in milton

Schedule your day to the half hour. Be glorious.
Modern, clean, and customizable Question2Answer theme

A docker image which my sites are based on.
my operating system test
chatrooms sample using NodeJS
the first app for rails tutorial
Device config for Xperia L

Code example of  Volley Framework for HTTP requests.
this is a quicke one hour app to demonstrate what a subscriber to an interactive news site might look like

Programming project for Machine Learning at the TUM in WS13/14.
Website for FulPruf


Was using pixi, switched to phaser.js. Just trying a small game.
java practice projects
Landing page for smoke test of new app
just learning git



This repo has all my (Java) projects related to graphs



collaborative repository to practice coding.


Precompile your static Middleman site when you push to Heroku

Setup android dev env for mac os x using chef
An infinity based theme for Conky.
first version. the format of elements is (int, int). Simplest hash function, just %.

Interactive Multimedia Rich Educational Environment for Special Collection Libraries
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
work of lee
The test app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
This learning encounter details the process for creating learning encounters using Reveal.js, Git, and GitHub.



a template for a node.js project with grunt, coffeescript, less, jade
Powershell CoreService Page Publisher for SDL Tridion 2011
AngularJS Simple Cart Implementation

my dot emacs
Just Testing
New SQYBI.com with Django. Notice that the RoR version is deprecated!
Simon says game clone
Repository to store user data. This repository contains scripts/pgms to store user log information in hbase and provides a indexed, unified view of user activity. 
Django apps running on my sandbox at www.anthonydb.com
A port of the Hyde Jekyll theme to Statamic
my blog site
Mirror of vim-latex from Sourceforge
The demo app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Simple Upstart template
practice with material for technical interviews
A fork of the WordPress TwentyThirteen Theme


Sublime Text config files


Project 1 for Stanford University Objective-C course
Small macros, scripts, etc to make life easier
.vim 


Simple carousel without any complicated stuff around it
This is my test repo.


Links to StyleGuides used by our team

Collection of actionscript 3 utilities
my user page
All the XML files required by the QuietTime iPhone App, both in Arabic and in English.
A demo of how to use the SubscriptionBundle
A dropbox for small commandline tools and scripts I build. Many for media management like image resizing or server admin, but otherwise a random grab-bag of unrelated stuff. Linux + OSX shortcuts. In git so I can find them again next year.
LightStor Website
My test of java web app

Documentation and examples for an introductory workshop about Boost



my ember.js practice


Small script which adapt the brightness of the screen with your web cam.


CoderByte Programming Challenges

A Promise based API Abstraction over window.localstorage and chrome.storage.local
A collection of useful javascript helpers, again.
new
This repository will house R code for some programming exercises in a class on Computational Statistics. When I was taking this class, I often thought stumbling upon a repo like this would have been helpful. The work here is largely my own, but obviously 
Practice App
My first app :D
Example repository that is created from an existing project.
Source code syntax highlighting: C/C++/Prolog/... -- HLX --> HTML. (college course exercise)
C++ Templates - The Complete Guide
Example showing use of shoe, dnode and browserify to render cross-browser web page
Python introduction tutorial with some sample application
fork from http://sourceforge.net/projects/opascalscript/
Documentation for the Statamic CMS in Dash Docset format 
BWTheme - A simple and beautiful theme for Webmin and Usermin made using Bootstrap and Font Awesome
Ubuntu Server Guide
Small JS Library to queue CSS3 Animations
Documentation for the Internet Archive S3 API

just a test

A basic mapper to read/write POJO instances to a very compressed binary file format.  While working on another project, I originally was going to use Jackson to read/write POJO to JSON/XMl, but after looking at the overhead of saving large byte arrays I c

script of R for learning purposes
testing repository
Ruby on rails tutorial - first app
My personal configuration files
Implementation example of Spring-Hateoas (client wich consume and expose RESTful HATEOAS Service)Source from my article : http://bewilcox.blogspot.fr/2013/12/generer-lexposition-de-vos-entites-jpa.html
LightStor Standard Documentation
Lego Mindstorms EV3 hacking, documentation + list of projects.
first code
SharePoint 2007/2010/2013 PowerShellscript to copy user permissions on all specified sites/subsites
GitHub Repo for MercuryOS
Coursework for CS 590 - Computational Microeconomics. Taught by Vince Conitzer, Duke University, Spring 2014. 
A demo application for illustrating the use of list view and adapters. It also consists the functionality of callbacks to change the items of the list view. (e.g. working of like/unlike button)
get off !! this is my personal project
Code Practice in Java(Still Updating)
A clone of casper, the default theme in ghost
these are small scripts that I have written to perform certain scientific computing tasks, namely for a course I have taken on quantitative economics
Projects List
jQuery to add active css style once you scroll to specified anchor.
dot files
Just a simple Drop Down menu
Just a few basic quiz questions / solutions to quizzes that I ask potential candidates to look at based on their experience

Notes and example implementations of design patterns in JavaScript

A very simple setup for node
A basic web page that uses a carousel using the bootstrap framework
Some exercises taken from http://adriann.github.io/programming_problems.html

A php framwork based on the concept modules, views and controllers(Minus the "clean urls" added true SRP controllers). Made to be as simple as possible while being as flexible as possible. Allows for the easy and choesive creation of websites and apps


My solutions to exercises from Kernighan & Richie "The C Programming Language" (Second Edition)
Git repository for work from 7 weeks 7 languages book



Documentation wiki for using AppWarp On-Premise
Various for-fun scripts and projects
The core bundled adapt theme
My python scripts
My github pages repository.
Small application for Android what helps people learn multiply table. Made it for Android101 course
School Project - Create a tool that displays information about the disk
A simple search component for K2
My first app




Example code for personal use from the book Node in Action.
Example of using Karma to test client side JS
My personal page.


This was a school assignment.
gh-pages for williamjwoodall.com, just redirects to wjwwood.io

Set of screens that can be used to perform regression tests of operator interface.
A simple browser created using java libraries
A small log for all the coffee I taste



The first app for the ruby on rails tutorial
My solutions to the Project Euler Problems
Demo project using the raphael gwt library.
Documentation and Resources for the Minecraft Mod Station

Demo of how to list posts with collections in Assemble 
Simple Sublime Text extension to implement Ctrl/Command-0 function to restore edit window font size to user-defined default.
My final project for Python course
Personal page & blog
repo for recipe storage

This is a fork of KA9Q's FEC library that also compiles on x86_64 and arm.
Hello world program running under CP/M-80, crosscompiled with SDCC (based on sources from N8VEM)

Template I use to start my scala projects.
system for my mom to manage her expenses





A simple and elegant implementation of Lisp on C#/.Net
Testing GitHub out
Programming Practice
My Jekyll blog, hosted on Github-pages
My home base on the web.
Just testing Github Pages
AngularJS demo with Browserify.
RailsApps Tutorial



The documentation for the Bootstrapper package
All other codes that are done for courseworks and personal fun
A website / theme for Small Victories.
My (own) Sheltie Pedigree project written in Java generating all HTML from an XML, no database.
Rails 4 tutorial

Saves state against an entity in MongoDB with simple constants and helper methods
A small helper module for image galleries in WordPress, using ACF.
The first app for Ruby on Rails tutorial


practice
Store data in local storage

The content files for the LCDM website at the University of Illinois.

a backup of the main site
This tutorial demonstrates how to use the Cloud API in Titanium Mobile. Specifically, the demo project will allow you to send a template based email to any recipient.
A simple non-configurable OSX kernel extension to prevent sleep
reprap design repo
TDD Webdev for Python exercises
A Makefile to build librumpuser on its own, useful if you want to fork it
packaging metadata for the freemarker preprocessor template engine

Demo application
*Nix Security Scanner - a simple security scanner for Linux and Solaris hosts written in Perl that checks both that systems have been hardened and that they have not been compromised.
My first push to github
A small app to follow the progress of the family BCS pool.




The first app for the Ruby o Rails Tutorial
An example registration handler for setting up Salesforce with OpenID Connect

unit test ios id
first demo app
vim config for cpp
The sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial

Jan 2014 version of Hartl's First App on Dev Machine, running Ubuntu

Dating Python - A quick start guide to Python programming

TestCoin for testing purpose
The sample app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror


Std theme atweb
Simple module to send emails in background using oorq
Blog


collection of simple ios-samples
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Zipios++ is a java.util.zip-like C++ library for reading and writing Zip files. Access to individual entries is provided through standard C++ iostreams. A simple read-only virtual file system that mounts regular directories and zip files is also provided.
Fork of the cleaver project (http://www.sci.utah.edu/cibc-software/cleaver-cibc.html)
Practice Angular from egghead.io tutorials
these are short scripts that I have written in C++/C (mostly C++) , for a course called "Problem Solving with C++"... there are also the solutions to www.programming-challenges.com

Code snippets discussed in blog

simple Bukkit plugin
My final year project for University. A tool for teachers to be able to easily create multiple choice test for their students.


My configuration files for StumpWM



Template Project for Google Glass compatible Android app using OpenCV
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
version of homework 2 and 3 without action of the button 9
test repository

James puppet code
Things I learned
FSOLA - First Steps Of Learning Algorithms
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

vim
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
sample client-server application with thread pool

The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial


A basic assessment for Adapt that is attached to an article
A basic scorm tracking plugin for Adapt


Sample program(s) to parse logs
An example of a basic solution setup for a brand new application.
Simple kernel module to be used in workshop about kernel modules.
Mirror of git://anongit.freedesktop.org/git/pixman
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Something to demo git use in class
RFRateMe will help you promote your iPhone/iPad app without irritating your users. It's very simple to install, use and configure (If you need to change the default behavior).
Basic iphone application and python server for using trilateration (trigonometric and least squares) to determine the point coordinates of the phone.
Example plug-ins for GammaRay
Laika Compatible version of reFocus for Plex "Back to Blue Edition". Please switch to the plex_ht branch for the Plex/HT compatible version.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Read-only mirror of "rmetrics" from r-forge SVN.
Mirror of lp:pyopengl
Keller's Personal Game/Engine
xgl emacs setting
My personal repository of tools for solving Project Euler problems
\N
Read-only mirror of "countreg" from r-forge SVN.
QuickBeer brings you beer reviews and descriptions.
Dotfiles. For me! My dotfiles.
\N
A set of Emacs color themes based on Chris Kempson's 'tomorrow' themes
A clone of Gameboy Tetris using HTML5 canvas written in javascript.
A simple library for applying transformations to an input stream.
Working through some stuff in Haskell. Dangerously close to writing my own monad tutorial. They're like a burrito, man.
Cross-platform Paint.NET clone
Github mirror of  MediaWiki extension GlobalContributions - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing
A collection of userscript for different Browsergames.
swip is a SIP web phone working through a java applet. This is a fork() from sipappletjava.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Fork is maintained at https://github.com/guard/guard-brakeman Go there instead

A thin wrapper around the JavaScript Cytoscape Web library for Google Web Toolkit
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
dotfiles such as .vimrc, .zshrc, .tmux.conf, .gitconfig and so on
a simple blog made with rails
Demo Applicaiton
Various scripts I use
Mirror of http://drupal.org/project/panels_tabs provided by hubdrop.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
An easy way to include all files within a directory. Note: This is a fork of felixge's require-all which allows for optional includes.
My Blog source
work repo for me and urban to have a bit of code control
The streaming build system for PHP, inspired by @gulpjs.

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

A Python Turtle program I created
My personal website
:video_game: A list of popular/awesome videos games, add-ons, maps, etc. hosted on GitHub. Any genre. Any platform. Any engine.
chuo.me Blog
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A non_blocking_lock implementation for ActiveRecord adapters (well, just mysql2, at the moment). This is just a quick and dirty extraction due to the Rails 3.2 deprecation of vendor/plugins. README/tests/etc coming later.
This addon offers you some flavors to customize the colors of your platform easily. A flavor is a group of 4 files: background, borders, colors and fonts, corresponding the CSS properties.
My emacs configuration, written as literate elisp
OpenCPU Demo apps.
(DEPRECATED) My first html game start.
A set of extern classes for Haxe that wrap the Titanium API (http://developer.appcelerator.com/).
Clone of the "Entity operations" Drupal module
deprecated
A basic Flask app template using MongoEngine
Collection of developer tools for BrowserID
vim configuration files
Basic ZendFramework2 example application using Doctrine2 and the SpiffyDoctrine modules
A simple octopress blog, more work-related than anything else.
gap proxy clone from code.google.com/gapproxy


vim setting
simple twitter clone
Personal Site
Implementation of a simple Perceptron classifier.
A minimal online chatroom implemented using HTML5's Websockets with a Ruby back end.   It's pretty basic right now, and probably won't be useful to many people.
Configuration files for stuff I use.


A simple and free CMDB app written in Ruby on Rails
Simple NodeXT CMS serving as the official Create integration testbed
Mirror of Alfresco Community Edition (see https://wiki.alfresco.com/wiki/GitHub)
Project Euler solutions.....
My Resume in LaTeX
A simple web based school management system.

Win32 code example to list all the imports within the executable, very useful aid to understanding PE executables and the API calls they are trying to use from various DLL's.

my emacs configs
Fork of mapsforge - https://code.google.com/p/mapsforge/
svg-test
No longer supported see - https://github.com/meh/ruby-tesseract-ocr
collection of scripts I use to handle locales at Diaspora
