FuelPHP Framework - Composer Framework Component installer
A Moodle block element which is part of Turnitin's Moodle Direct v2 providing a link to Class Migration functionality for non admin users
Maven HTMLCompressor Plugin to compress HTML/XML files.
Commandline application for manipulating geometry.
A Teamcity plugin for building Unity3d projects. NOTE: this has an MIT license so feel free to copy / adapt as you need to.
Bind to the `beforecopy`, `copy`, `aftercopy`, and `copy-error` events, custom DOM-like events for clipboard injection generated using jQuery's Special Events API and ZeroClipboard's Core module.
A jQuery Mobile theme for UF
This module provides utilities for Speech To Text Engine of Apache Stanbol.
Multi-Provider Authentication for App Engine
Microcontroller Library for LPC2xxx Chips (presently LPC2101/2/3,LPC2104/5/6,LPC2131/2/4/6/8 supported)

A modification of Razor (https://github.com/msturgill/razor) for czech Ultima Online shard Auberon
JQuery easing plugin registration for the Plone CMS
in this file, projects written in Haskell exist
Python implementation of URI Template
Gis Application development course work
Proxy your local web-server and make it publicly available over the internet
Golang django-like admin with mgo backend
Upload de arquivo utilizando o JSF + Primefaces + Hibernate
solver for bubble blast 2 game on android
Python script for monitoring rule production, latency, token frequency, etc.
Fast and powerful CSV (delimited text) parser that gracefully handles large files and malformed input
Mosquitto security plugin.
A browser extension/add-on to filter tweets. Currently, supporting Google Chrome.and Mozilla Firefox (15+)
koshinuke java server implementation

A password generator inspired by the xkcd password spec: http://xkcd.com/936/
Measured Voice AWS deployment tools
Parsing Time: Learning to Interpret Time Expressions
The neutrino programming language
Helper for add social share feature in your Rails app. Twitter, Facebook, Weibo, Douban, QQ ...
An extension of Neuro to provide a "sync" component.
MiniTest assertions and expectations for testing Capistrano recipes
A touch controller for cocos2d used for pinch-zooming and panning around
Free & opensource file manager for iOS, now again opensource

XBee clone using TI CC430F5137 microcontroller

Cocoa Extensions primarily for iOS
Emacs setup (CSS / Erlang / HTML / Javascript / Lisp)
Chrome extension to auto-update your twitter stream without clicking to load new tweets.
testing tool for JAXB bug in JDK
Freifunk KBU information page
Albion 2 Engine "light"
Galera Cluster documentation
A C#/WPF countdown timer
Habbo Hotel emulator targeting the "v13" client.

Python IRC bot (name may change in the future) - INACTIVE/DEAD
Project template for authlogic and omniauth in Rails3
Redislite is a software library that implements a self-contained, serverless, zero-configuration, redis-compatible database engine.
Vim plugin that changes the color of the statusbar of the focused window according with the current mode (normal/insert/replace)
Jenkins plugin for JBoss.org project analysis tool Tattletale
Zone file based multicast DNS Server
New def.reyssi.net blog circa 2015
Use FB to create process registration and create WordPress users (not FB Connect)

Supervised Distance Metric Learning with R
 Warewolf  Easy Service Bus (ESB) is used for designing, orchestrating and implementing communication between software applications. It handles messaging, routing, and service co-ordination in a SOA framework. It's 100% open source and free. This reposito
Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) / Super Famicom emulator (based on SNES9X) for iOS (iPhone/iPad)
Listen for SMTP traffic and send it to an MTA script
PAM module for authentication against CouchDB

A jquery placeholder plugin similar to tumblr's based on MrColes' jsfiddle snippet.
Enhancements and improvements for Delayed Job 2.x
white elephant helper

This is some code that generates indesign documents from json data taken from incom.org
WoW Addon - Allows you to choose a colour shader which best suits your type of colourblindness.
school life app
WordPress plugin to limit search to the post title when adding links to content or adding pages to a menu.
Learn how to program by solving & creating physics based puzzles (like Angry Birds)

A visual guide to the wonders of Unicode
Rack Middleware which retrieves KML from Rails and produces KMZ for the client.
Maven Plugin to manage the lifecycle of an XP-Framework project
Use inkscape drawings for presentations
Admin UI to allow the removal of sample / test data.
A Latex presentation template which looks like a Keynote presentation
TwitBase is a running example used throughout HBase In Action
Mobile application written using the Ionic Framework for an School project.
Code for SMARTX analysis
Client-side form validation plugin for jQuery
Peer-to-Peer secure backup system. Spreads encrypted pieces of a  file over a p2p network.
Building a global consciousness from the bottom up. InterMix is designed not so much to surmount as to go around the organizational boundary problems that prevent civil society from uniting in earnest. GNU Affero General Public License, version 3 (GNU AGP
Port the FUSE library to Android.
An Ace of Spades clone / fork / experiment, written in Python and using Pyglet for OpenGL.

Bookmarking application for windows using wxWidgets and tinyxml2 written in C++
A repository for open source sample code for few often used functionalities used in Xamarin iOS.
Festival de Ideias
Javascript implementation of WTForms validators
Social dynamic particle system in javascript (both client and server)
An intro application for the Ionic framework
Widget Development Plugin for Brackets
a template system on top of taskjuggler for task planning, scheduling, manning and costing.
Plugin that sets up PDFs and external links to open in a new tab track clicks with Google Analytics.

A Zend module for creating RESTful web services
send SMS and Twitter ruby script
opage site I created with foundation.
Old 2 wheel ball shaped RC toy converted into robot.
Heavy Development Noob Code C# MineCraft Server
Chrome extension that adds a Todo list drop down
To-do List using Backbone.js
Searches for the best phylogenetic tree arrangement from a set of sequences (Amino Acids)
Programming few problems in node
An IP socket client and server for controlling raspberry pi GPIO pins. Also a CGI interface for controlling from the web.
A server to support www.pierce-m.com
Stylesheets for Documentation Pages
Java Generics Refactoring Tool for Inferring Wildcards
C++ 11 template-based reflection API
A framework for composing and transforming music in Swift
A Protobuild template for a cross platform Easily Overlooked MonoGame project.
Go client library for ConoHa API
LaTex Resume

This is the site, the thing that makes the OpenItinerary work. Enjoy.
ansible version of application template
Database Programming Assignments
Web page for the This Is Us Project to facilitate students' data entry
Framework version for PCL 4.5 - Profile 78 (Xamarin) Code taken from https://github.com/Quobject/EngineIoClientDotNet
A hive2 multi host adbc based datasource. This will help in load balancing in round robin fashion while acquiring new connections from each Hive2 server.
Generate a podcast RSS feed from your Pinboard bookmarks
PCL Xamarin Client for socket.io 1.2
This program offers the user random articles from Wikipedia to read.

Repo for the redesign of Hudl's roster page (using materialize to help achieve Google material design aesthetics).

This repository contains the "Individual posts per page" extension for phpBB 3.1+
2 player volleyball game written in C using x11 graphics

Source for blog. Middleman site.

PXP Plugin
Samba docker container
Hydroponic culture equipment that can be used in 4 ways (Use/Don't use LED/empty can)
Android Sample - Current GPS Position

Women Who Changed the World website project
use these source files to demonstrate the edts red underline bug.
A post install script I've created to add repositories, update the system and install the applications I need on Ubuntu.
An objective-C wrapper for Valve's Dota 2 API

A quick word count plugin for Vim, perfect for adding to your statusline

Collection of scripts for different analysis.

Compiles decaf language into java bytecode.  Utilized Lex and Yacc.  Written in C++.
React + Golang API with Postgres
Resume template made with latex (theme isn't acheved for now)
Artificial Intelligence as a Service. Node.JS based API for AI.
Previous version of Danmake using Java's LibGDX. Discontinued due to low framerate in favor of C++/Oxygine
iOS/Android app that provides daily information on new places
fresh laravel copy
Copy files to a remote host using WinRM
a wordpress theme for the redesign of Prospect Enrichment Preschool
Expreso Gran Muralla Website done in HTML/CSS/jQuery
6.00.1x Introduction to Computer Science and Programming Using Python
A Pacman clone made in Unity - C# / high scores / progressive levels / AI
A Processing project to generate all the github default avatars
Android app to keep track of whose turn it is.
A Git mode plugin built using the ShellCommand plugin, which makes customisation and adding new commands, super easy.
Microformats 2 Version of Underscores Starter Theme with Indieweb Support
Application modules for arkOS
linked list implementation in javascript
Web Rollout Project
The Gruntlr Backend API
Portfolio Website
the application to create java classes based on db schema

Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015.
Canary version of Dynmap
Replication in HTML and CSS of a design mockup provided as a PNG image. The responsive functions are based on Bootstrap.
backbonejs and mojolicious based todo list
Node.js sending mail over SMTP using Amazon SES
Simplified Chinese translation project for the Battle for Wesnoth.
practice for CodeForces (http://codeforces.com/)
Sample android app for recyclerview using Linear, Grid and Staggered Grid Layout managers.
Lambda Ladies website source, hosted on GitHub pages
Sina Blog Migrator
Java Video Blog - vlog application
Odin project of Google homepage
Source code for the YouTube API, Version 3 on Rails article

Counts your running activity and plots on the map.
A kissy template engine for Nodejs/Browser
macos command line tool of generate qr image and copy to clipboard
Various iOS related sample projects.

A implementation of Dijkstra's algorithm, with Graph class, to find shortest paths between points in a map.
EditLabel is editable Label control, who's text can be modified at run-time by double-clicking on it.
Spark open source program to fetch top urls, hashtags and usermentioned on basis of keywords
Sci-fi-themed turn-based strategy game.
A bukkit plugin which allows players to TP when they can see the sky.
Multithread version
gulp development server
this WordPress plugin allows you to display your delicious bookmarks on a post depending on its categories or tags.
Using cuckoo search algorithm to solve spring design problem.
helper classes for arduino dev. Tested with GTest+GMock.
This is an extension for wp-pro-quiz plugin of Wordpress. This extension displays individual users score at the bottom of their profile page. 
Source code for a website showing movie filming locations in San Francisco.
Single page aplication adds maintainer written by AngularJS
jquery resizable


A set of PHP functions to better deal with accented utf-8 characters
Web app for collecting email addresses.
Clojure library for dealing with CIDR ranges
Instructional app for Intro to iOS App Development with Swift
Github user page
C++ implementation of the multiresolution sphere packing tree.
Repo for Isa's website The Paper Quill
This is a .NET Micro Framework Library for working with the Amazon S3 Rest API.
A repository containing docker images for Magnolia CMS
This NotepadEditEnhanc Of Develope Version.
Python Program to covert speech to text
GPL+LGPL sources from the SiliconDust HDHomerun download page
A clean Markdown to HTML Website AWK program which is no more complicated then it needs to be
Website for client9.com 2015
you can make a android application rapidly
Setup all the things on your workstation with Ansible

Format your commit-message and promote from vim
This is repository for codes used in Opera Library
A WinForms application that snips string inputted in one textbox and shows the output in another.
nbApp is a light weight javascrip library that uses jquery modules/functions to interact with modern Websites and WebApps
Project enables deployment of Spring SAML applications in Google Application Engine.
An ipython notebook to help with school spelling homework
Phase 4 Ematrix site. Skeleton, SASS, Cleaner Git. The final frontier of this work.
irssi scripts
NeverCat Wordpress theme, based on Zurb Foundation 5

Script to explain an Apertium translation in terms of its parts.
A turn-based game in the terminal based off of Pokemon
A simplified version of the Ordnance Survey UK parliamentary constituencies shapefile

Problem solving using Java
iOS client for UOless
Custom tools and scripts for Leadwerks
SifAPI is written for swift (Apple programming language), which manages REST API calling & returning results magically.

A javascript client based mesh processing tool. Built using vcg library, emscripten and webgl
How to create a gentle transition between design mockup and HTML markup?
A multi-platform game framework in C# using Portable Class Libraries
A core java library for all Minecraft plugins created by me
A Client-Server custom mail service program created under the Toronto District School Board Netowrk. 
rollup file with all custome elements
Install profile (deprecated: use webfact-make project)
Copy of the 'rc' shell source (http://tobold.org/article/rc)
Starter ansible template for new site project.
A plugin for Kerbal Space Program 
This extension tells the information of the book you are browsering if it exists in Njtech Library

Control a Raspberry Pi from anywhere with RabbitMQ & Python
Upload files to an AWS S3 bucket and sync them to dropbox using an AWS lambda function
Android App to locate some important places in bangalore
App for university
University assignment 
A collection of Arduino projects
iOS app for Epiquote webiste, written in Swift
University assignment 
fourty - planet template pack
UBJSON extension for Jansson
Garmin .tcx file editor
Modified version of Equinox Evolution.
Miscellenous python scripts
Persistent job queue for iOS based on NSOperation and sqlite.
Long press on the Notification Center's top segmented buttons to clear all notifications on iOS 7 & 8
MeetUp is a social network power by Ruby, Sinatra, Web Sockets and Web Components
Self balancing robot project. Initially an Arduino sketch. Then I want to move this into Cylon.JS and run on something that supports node such as a Beaglebone Black (RPi doesn't have enough GPIO and PWM)
fizzbuzz created using CoffeeScript and mocha for testing
Firs repository on GitHub: game project
A Tessel Node app for reporting module data to the Tessel Data Server.
Creates KMP skip array and BM skip array using KMP and BM search algorithms.  Searches specified text file for strings contained in another text file.
Sample cocoa-pod creation project
Chef recipe to install/configure redis-server
Jekyll Bootstrap Theme based on twitter
ruby 2.0.0p481 docs http://emanual.github.io/ruby-docs/
tempest scenarios upto 02/01/2015
Cross-platform socket API for Xamarin iOS/Android/Forms, Xamarin.Mac/MonoMac, Windows Phone 8/8.1, Windows Store and Windows Desktop.
Reverse engineered Python API for Weiyun (Tencent's cloud storage service)
Configuration for awesomewm, based on Legospacy's config.
Microsoft Office 365 EWS (Exchange Web Services) Client Library
To find husband's location via Google map.
Parent application for the 'inbox' engine.
this is repository for all wordpress theme component from PSD to PHP
ec2-elastic-ip init script for ubuntu.  This will allow you to set the user-data and hostname for an amazon spot instance
Development bootstrap for Node.js including MongoDb - using Vagrant and Chef with Berkshelf
Takes iCalendar/vCalendar-like data and produces an HTML report containing all events.
Drop-in replacement of GNU C library getopt
File watcher in Julia - can be used to auto-run unit tests etc
A ruby script to display the current UK Top 40 Charts and their Youtube links
LAH website
Script for checking student submissions

Server providing endpoints for fair-voting-profile
Share/Print/Open files with the native activity view controller in your Titanium app
A yeoman generator for a project that compiles to a single HTML file.
Abstract WSN simulator: an optimised version of Fast 
git hooks for intermixing SVN and git repositories. Intended for use in versioning Unity projects without storing massive amounts of binary files in git.
An app that allows salespeople to log cars
Some research done of diffrent sorting algorithims
Run an ETCD backup task inside a Docker container and upload it to AWS S3.
A commandline client for Empyrean
Remove all special characters from a string.
Mobile app that provides a medical control with some helps like drugs&doctors guide and reminders
module form comp register
A Ruby To Do List
Gmod tool for meshing gears.
Realm.io Android data browser
Educational implementation of a Generic HashTable in C++
An open-source implementation for picking files/folders out of an online API
Ruby & JS 10-Pin Bowling Scoring App with TDD

MoneyCalculator project for Softwaare engineer 2 
public page of me
Extention on CI Upload library for handling multiple file uploading
A sample project for listening to incoming call and send number to web server
Used by geocachers to calculate values for words.
A cms(for webistes) Written in Python (Bootstrap Embedded)
A rails app for searching ski resorts
Express API bootstrap with Mocha test suite - using Vagrant and Chef with Berkshelf
A logoff utility written in python with Kivy that prompts the user for how long they want to be logged in then logs them off after that period of time. Gives the user up to 3 time extentions
Simplistic Webcam interface for Raspberry Pi with Camera module, based on NodeJS

node.js file uploader based on https://github.com/felixge/node-formidable
Nonsensical latin text transformation
A dashboard of the twitter stream using om.
Platform that aggregates de best technologies to dynamically teach and learn between dynamic groups.
A MapReduce-powered extension to LIBSVM
PatternLab Style Guide for OvrC
IQToolkit Contrib is a project for providing classes to work with the IQToolkit providers.
dighteach's github pages
Visual Studio plugin to trim line ends on save.
A template project structure for a PHP component. Includes config for Travis-CI, Coveralls and Scrutinizer.
Control an old-school analogue Scalextric set with a MindWave Mobile brain computer interface and an Arduino.
Quick class to query station details and status for the Dublin Bikes cycle scheme
Anaconda recipes for computational neuroscience tools.
TM-EDITABLE is a jquery plugin, which provides In-Place edit and Delete of the html input elements with some stunning themes.
Code for USA TODAY's Ebola Questions interactive
A Meteor app that prompts you to fill out a questionnaire every 30 minutes as you're working

Shared files for working with other Physics.SE users
Docker image with a build of Dropbox Pyston
docker image for building dropbox's pyston 
A React Mixin for the BoomQueries Library
Swift code for the iOS version of the AUDL client application for iOS 8 and greater. 
package for converting complex numbers to/from strings
Cloud tools to monitor and manage cloud servers. Great alternative to some expensive tools
Sala de treinamento
Code golf solutions to CodingBat Python
This is a repository which contain all the django examples of ninjahoahong
Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a Blob string.

A html parser for ComputerCraft
CommonJS shell sort implementation using Sedgewick's gap sequence

Magic Mirror webpage for fancy bathrooms
Darkgrey with white responsive theme with single color for AnchorCMS.
An LTI tool for embedding YouTube players into Canvas course sites
repository for hackerrank
Python class to read in, store, and analyze phonon eigenvalues and eigenvectors.
FenixEdu Academic Thesis Component
iOS Alarm Clock
Short Rails assignment for creating and storing information on cars in a used car dealership
Django App for a Twitter Like App
Tool which creates and processes files in parallel.
Code for 6xbook GAE site.
NodeJS Generic Logging System
Google chrome browser extension converting price to working hours
Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a BlobKey.
Total Backup Script
xfind is a command line tool written in Go, which is like a subset of find command.
Jekyll blog and source for site
Configure APT system
Conway's Game of Life w/ HTML, CSS, and JS
Mac OS X library for vim-xkbswitch plugin
Resolves template urls for can.view bundled with browserify.
Chats is a PHP/JQuery Ajax based instant messaging system.
Allows you to easily create your own rune builds for your monsters 
Starter kit for CoffeeScript development
One-file php app for displaying screenshots.
Code and data for USA TODAY's GM recall interactive
Enable blog like folder structure in static exports
Find the best Coding Bootcamp for you
App where a user can create, update, edit, or destroy users.
Compare your age to the ages to the average age of professional athletes and become depressed about how relatively old you are in comparison.
source code for https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b81phqjXzEA&feature=gp-n-y&google_comment_id=z12gff1wbs3qtlwti232zf4zwvbxsd4ls
Docker base builds of OPAM and OCaml in various combinations
A lightweight Python library that can be used to get live data from IG Markets REST and STREAM API with a LIVE or DEMO account
Maintains your Phproject instance
Nim module for working with Firefox bookmarks

Wordpress all in one Docker container
first attempt on datomic storage using couchbase
Braintree package for Meteor <deprecated>
A minimal and static blog engine written in Go.
SKU generation using base conversion
Nim module for parsing EPUB documents
Use twentyfifteen-child theme and Grunt in Wordpress
[BACKUP] A CGI script to parse Markdown files with the PHP-MarkdownExtended package
A core data iOS to-do-list, task-management, itinerary app made in Xcode 6.
Projects start guide for wordpress
Control Viessmann heating systems such as the Vitotronic 200 KW 2 from OpenWrt
WPSeek for iOS

SQL Server Reporting Services - Transfert tools (2008, 2012, 2014)

There are some code lines to program and test the sensors of the pocket nurse,
Ansible Galaxy role for importing SSL certificates into the Java keystore
Mule-like configuration-based framework for creating Node REST svcs.
laravel 4 springboard that will be used for any type of projects including complex once
A tool to manage docker containers. Powered by web2py.
Serial plot facility for data received through (virtual) serial port
OpenCV Capture Class for Logitech's C920 HD Camera
Docker image to run DB2 LUW
Baroque is a dark GTK3/2 theme. It's a rather steampunk affair, featuring mahogany dashboards with brass fittings tastefully set with rubies and amethysts.
This is a companion tool for the Hyperfox proxy. http://live.hyperfox.org
Console game tetris written in C#
An open-source initiative for Entity Framework profiler
A webjar for jquery-payment (https://github.com/stripe/jquery.payment)
A library extending Xojo's iOS feature by adding extension modules and classes.
Created Headspring Rolodex Project
A generator for making Drupal Field and Views Formatters out of a jQuery Plugin (based on owlcarousel Module)
Win7 calculator design written in css and html
Atom Editor theme which aims to render exactly like Twilight on TextMate 2
Colorscheme for vim
Online trainer for the Set card game
A utility tool for pushing notifications from the parse backend. Supported push devices include android, iOS and windows phone
ZingChart is a powerful library that provides users with the ability to quickly create beautiful charts, dashboards, and infographics. Choose from hundreds of chart types with nearly limitless chart design and customization options. Connect your data and 
R actuarial workshops - Instruction materials, data and source code for R workshops for actuaries
Ruby on Rails project website 
A web proxy script written in PHP and built as an alternative to Glype. 
"fake" spinning wheel with jquery and javascript


Atom package to automatically copy selected text to the clipboard
This applications was written in order to experiment with the ways a JEE web application must be configured to successfully deploy it to various (free) cloud providers like Heroku or OpenShift.
Prototype of an apache module that executes files as queries and returns the result as JSON
this script may be used for check usename avilability when making a register form..
github page
A programming language intended to be fast, productive, and pleasant. Compiles using LLVM.
Github IO Pages Blog for Web Development
Implementation of Gost Grasshopper Encryption Algorithm. This program implements the test vectors set provided in the reference document provided by the Standartinform, Moscow, Russian Federation.
OAuth to SmartThings, hit an "API Access App", get JSON of all things.
This java program uses the data structures of a linked list, a hash table, and a binary search tree to create a dictionary program that can take multiple data types.  Iterators and wrappers are used to help navigate the data structures.
Lightweight responsive free Wordpress starter theme with YAML CSS framework and Sass
Swype / Google Keyboard attempt for the web
Application schedules employees to be on call when not working in rotation
Old version of Narzew's Timetable, written in Python + Kivy
Nucleus plugin. Provides a sitemap for your website.
Tools for creating tasks that run in various environments
Node.JS app that generates newsletter from JSON data file
WordPress plugin that adds an XML-RPC method to check for updates (core, plugins, themes).

minimal unit test framework
The HTTPS-Only Standard for federal domains (M-15-13), and helpful implementation guidance.
A dark Sublime Text theme with highlight-color-variations (compatible with Monokai - color scheme)
An opinionated blank starting set of HTML and CSS for students
backend api for segue
lego nxt usb control library

JavaScript Table Sorter using Quick Sort
A node module for interacting with Amazon S3. All functions use Bluebird promises. 
A flexible content management system written in and for node.js
Source files used for data normalization and processing. 
Docker base builds of Jane Street Core using the OCaml/OPAM images

Quality and Process Control System for Manufacturing Facility
Blackjack game coded in Java. The game has many unique features as it allows players to bet and it also calculates the probability of winning, losing and getting a card higher than 5 for the player. However, in this game, all the face cards have a value o
Benchmark test runner for gulp with full control on input and output

Art Website Osiris
iOS app to improve fluid intelligence
Documentation for ICT TAO-A
A powerful media player with additional tools and functions combined with a good-looking modern design.
PHP class to locate, play sounds, and lock iOS devices
Helpers for vagrant environment variable setting for docker apps.
A website for the Taylorview Stake Trek 2015
Pi-Powered VPN Client Gateway: installation documentation and related files.
containing kaldi scripts and files used in statical pattern recognition
This is the coding challenge for the python Dev Accelerator at Code Fellows
A little C++ 'bank app' that takes input from the console and saves data to a txt file
React Components and Mixins for Boomstrap

Sample Project - Trying to figure out the how to send an email

Source code for Satelinx's Android App
An emissions modeling tool to assist in estimating carbon emissions from structural fires
Build Express-based REST APIs
A wrapper for Spotify Web API that use Volley as backend.

Set of functions to mine and organize Riot's API
Stack and Queue implementation using linked list in Java
A JSONWP test automation client for C++
N2O application skeleton based on http://blog.crashdump.io/hello-n2o.html
this library is used to handle view rendering via templates without the complications of dealing with an entire framework. It's lightweight, and it's easy to use. 
HTML Class and ID completion for emacs by using ac-html.el and csswatcher projects
A POM with some common settings for Basis Technology open source components
Audio player jQuery Plugin
Vim settings
Generate fake random data for fantasy-climate projects. Currently supports only Polish language.
Unreal Tournament startup script
This program creates a maze.  The distance of each grid cell from the start of the maze is then marked and the shortest route from the stark of the maze to the end of the maze is highlighted.  This is accomplished by using a stack, and queue, and a linked
C# and WinForms wrapper for youtube-dl and ffmpeg for easy audio/video downloading
Convert between embed / un-embedded text 
Binding to the Dropbox Remote API
For use with an Arduino IR Multiplexer shield. (https://oshpark.com/shared_projects/mLu4CjXF)
Clojure optimization library
A java program that simulate the operation of a repair office
New Website Parts
Grad school portfolio
A node module for interacting with Amazon S3. All functions use Bluebird promises. 
library to serialize java objects to XML, json, php, yaml, python, ruby, ...
C1X website - update to contact page contact email addresses
Project of Data Mining
Manuscript for Intro-to-Probability
[ C++ ] CPU Cluster Simulator for CptS 223 (Data Structures).
node.js custom template parser
Bluespec SystemVerilog Package for Sublime Text
Render mathjax text in SVG
CSV support for Ruby Object Mapper
Get a text message when your class opens. 
WPU Theme Customize
AdBuddizController is a Python module for accessing and displing ads from an AdBuddiz SDK for Android in Kivy, Python-based apps.
True Love Calculator Android App
Serialize and validate data structure
minimal script to help find script into de nse database
Lua client for Imbo
Ocaml like toy programming language
Modules for ARMstrap Eagle CubeMX Template Projects

starting structure for flux react app
Quick and Clean wordpress plugin starterkit ; A plugin boilerplate to add custom codes in wordpress features & theme, an agile alternative to function.php in theme
Tiny app for serving up a random video intro. Intended for use with Plex.
a multi-platform source code translation language and tool
Mobile web app for painting contractors to estimate costs
cms bootstrap for nodejs projects focussing on emberjs
rails application templates
2015 ESUC website
Android hour calculator designed for Osakidetza nurses
Open Web Integrated Development Environment - full stack framework and IDE for bare-metal development in HTML5, CSS3, JS, WebAudio, WebRTC and more. 
Node.js API helper module
A CRUD To-Do List Backend
Squeeze on Arch (SoA) repo
C/C++ version of the zxcvbn password strength estimator
Send a HTTP request when receiving a call or a text message.

ModuleScript for making it easy to do Client/Server communication using the ROBLOX platform
Client and Server source code
The website to accompany the Stanford Open Source Academy's Spring 2015 session SWI-Prolog group
Scoped style sheets as a web component.
An implementation of a poker AI agent
This repository contains the core code of Lavender.
A website with JQuery functionality that I put together for the final project of a JavaScript class.
Music web-service based on MEAN-stack
Barebones CMS - SSO Server/Client Page Protection widget
Repository for eCommerce database SQL scripts
Fitbit AS3 API Client Library
Base Vagrantfile and dummy box. Can be forked for each new VM that is created. Uses the vagrant-vsphere plugin.
Python stock signal interface written for ICS 33 at UC Irvine


application to help people decide their outfit based on weather
Project to try to figure out and do something with an Intel P8085 processor that I salvaged. Building a minimal 8-bit computer.
Short python script designed to identify housekeeping genes in protein files, concatenate them, and create a MLST phylogeny
An android sidescrolling game
A javascript application that formats crime data for Marple from the data.police.uk api

command line crosscloud chat client
Clay Model Ajax Connector for Salesforce API - use with 3vot-salesforce-api
Game of Life in Clojure
MAPPIAMO main repository. The geoCMS for mapping site built with <3, openstreetmap, leaflet, bootstrap, php, mysql....
:thumbsdown: [Deprecated] The 6to5 formatter for library authors.
Run templatable playbooks of SQL scripts in series and parallel on Redshift and Postgres
Dropbox helper for removable drive management
Tech Blogging Engine
A plugin for coverage.py to measure Django template execution
[Deprecated] [iOS] Flick in a scrollable area in Jailbroken iOS to scroll to that point (concept: http://simurai.com/blog/2012/09/13/flick-scrolling/).
Helper for Algorithm Competitions
Puzzle game of 8 cubes
Rails 4 app
A Mongo storage provider for the PropertyGraph.jl package
Javascript implementation of macaroons
Kerbal Space Program mod to swap roll/yaw axes
Docker image to run DB2 LUW
The source for samskivert.com
Source for quasarj.com, static site

Stripe SAAS Rails Engine
RabbitVnc is a cross-platform remote control library and program vnc-based.
Work with spotternetwork locations
Program that aids the user with time management, User clocks on and off from selected tasks and usage statistics are generated to help provide insight on where time was spent.
Swift version of the joind.in iOS app, using API v2
An application (Epichrome.app) and Chrome extension (Epichrome Helper) to create and use Chrome-based SSBs on Mac OSX.
Less-than-pure Functional Reactive Programming for Javascript

Template for Gulp


next version of the git-scm.com site
Tool for generating map images from Mapbox tiles
Volunteer project for Happiness Programme in Node.js
A mobile/tablet content management extension for Contao Open Source CMS
plagin for wordpress

/dev/null equivalent of connect-session
Adroid version for the Sage Firefox extension
Sophisticated HTML form management for React
Signal processing tools used on 16/32 bit MCU. Specifically developed for photoplethysmography.
pascal program sources
Deploy your Ember-CLI app using Maven



Caputure screen to video file on mac. Implementation of Apple's OpenGL example code with GUI and ability to caputure mouse movements added. Can choose export format, codec, and quality. (Cocoa - Apple Mac OSX 10.5.8 - XCode 3.2 Project)
Android application which emulates functionality of a Call Centre
Sandglass REST API based time tracking application
Open Source Chat Bot for Twitch and Beam
Puppet module to install php5
When I browse a subreddit, I like to open all the new links in new Chrome tabs to cruise through them faster. This opens all of them at once!
An automated tool for importing media files in Open Access articles into Wikimedia Commons
PHP script to respond to git hooks and does a pull command when a specified branch is updated. Then emails will be sent to committer to know that the server has their changes now.
A dropbox-like project using python and git.
behat runtime files (adapted from cucumber ftplugin)
Simplistic Jail plugin for Bukkit
Some software about railways.
Rsync SNApshot baCKUP transfer and replication tools
Aptible's Support and Documentation Site
The !CHAOS project, an INFN (www.infn.it - Italian National Institute of Nuclear Physics) project, is aiming at the development of a new concept of control system and data acquisition framework providing, with a high level of abstraction, all the services
DEPRECATED: Tools for Documenting JS (and Friends) with Sphinx
Takes apps from your Paz service directory and runs them on a CoreOS cluster using Fleet.

E-commerce prototype using Rails for store front with adding features, using Magento for product data store and order processing
HTTP Live Streaming (pending)
Base repository for building firmware to upload to a STM32 Discovery board.
Web application framework for React by Red Badger
NuGet program for sending coverage reports to coveralls.io
Source app for Bloc Chat project using Firebase
This component provides pose data for a tracked object in the qualisys motion  tracking system. It uses a TCP connection to the QTM server to transfer live  tracking data
sneaksync program to synchronize large files sets using a smaller cloud-based shared directory (like dropbox)
This module caches the common Zend\\* classes used by your application into a single cache file, reducing reliance on the autoloader. This greatly improves the performance of ZF2.
A high-level library for traversing the OS storage model.

Create and navigate location on a google map by defining a list

Skia is a complete 2D graphic library for drawing Text, Geometries, and Images
irssi FiSH plugin
\N
Compute community variograms, carry out null modeling, and and graph results
A gem to automate builds & deploys for Android, iOS and web apps
Phase2 Tools
A jQuery plugin to build a website on the infinite canvas
wsn project based on leon3 processor

DomainMOD is an open source application written in PHP & MySQL used to manage your domains and other internet assets in a central location. DomainMOD also includes a Data Warehouse framework that allows you to import your web server data so that you can v
Cardboard is a Magic: The Gathering game engine written in Python.
A Joomla! extension that add a Facebook Like Box on the web site.
A public API to help answer common questions. Christmas, 2012.  
CPAN browser for Android phones
Maven HTMLCompressor Plugin allows to compress HTML/XML files by adding a few lines to the pom file.
Provides a calculated due date for new issues created in redmine
Projeto de tradutor do Script JNS para linguagem NCL
This is a free APi to create dinamically QR Codes. Support several types of images like PNG, SVG, EPS.

Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/bot-thoughts-eezee
C++ framework for json-rpc (json remote procedure call)
A plugin for wordpress to show videos with Flowplayer5
Create a pragmatic debian package for jboss as.
A python script that solves sudoku puzzles

A library that simplifies the exposure of data through REST interfaces in a secure, scope dependent way. Basically transforms internal data into whatever a client of your API has the right to see.

An extension to display histograms for images
PegLite implementation for Ruby
Website for Pyladies PDX hosted on Github
desktop (growl) / mobile (prowl) new mail notification for your outlook web app when stupid company policy disables POP3 / IMAP
DEPRECATED! (Not supported + code base is not so good) Need to work with vk.com in your Android app? Just use Android-VK-Api library!
PhoneGap project for a mobile application that helps you find the best route, when using TLV telOfan shared bikes project
Multimedia Fusion 2 extension to create, manipulate and store tile-based data.
Multimedia Fusion 2 extension for rendering Tile Map data.
Java Iterator library like LINQ.
I'm new in ruby scripts! Just say stop siri proxy or stopp siri proxy and your siri proxy will stop immidiatley.
javascript integrated queries
Ejemplo de llamadas entre actividades en Android - FINISHED
2011 design for Dokuwiki default template
Pronamic Feeds allow you to add RSS feeds to your site, that will enable the copying of content from the remote link to your own posts.
hopefully this will be a the turn-based-inversed-tower-defense-game ;)
Web Application Framework for Node.js
[Deprecated! Use MenuItemKit instead] UIMenuItem with Image Support
[DEPRECATED] Write the templates in your Meteor Application using Handlebars and Jade instead of HTML and Handlebars
A Vim color scheme based on Jason W Ryan's miromiro Vim color file and dark terminal color scheme.
Plugin to write WordPress themes w Object-Oriented Code and the Twig Template Engine
This is a UILabel category which allows you to insert Emojis you use in Campfire, GitHub, Basecamp, Turntable.fm, Teambox, Trac and Flowdock without the need to calculate where to insert some UIImages representing the Emojis.
A set of unix scripts I like to use
The documentation for the DDSC Lizard API.
Docker-based CKAN environments, with bells and whistles

A Python wrapper for the Cosm/Pachube v2 API, using the twisted networking framework

a Web UI autotest framework based on Selenium and TestNg. Now the project has been moved to NetEase https://github.com/NetEase/Dagger
Originally based on pyjenkinsci... release tree: https://github.com/salimfadhley/jenkinsapi
Poopie Wars! (an embarrassing Asteroids clone)

A command line tool to use the RESTlos Monitoring Configuration API

Perl Module: Inline::CPP: Include C++ code inline within Perl code.
A little IRC bot that when asked nicely will tell you the names of the open cards in a list on a Trello board
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/node3d
On-the-fly processing framework for Node.js and MongoDB
Python 3 port of apt-listchanges.
Python Transifex API
Application to assist users in creating a guide for League of Legends
Packet capture (pcap) file parser written in pure javascript for Node.js
Common device-trees for Baytrail-based Android devices (focus especially on Baytrail-M)
Distributed testing tool for the MIT Battlecode competition
Herbie and Jamal's Super Rob You Now Adventures


A Django app for generating PDF/DOCX reports from (simple) HTML documents
A Backbone.Sync replacement for Lawnchair.js based JSON storage
Generic Payment Interface. Thought to be used by all payment processors implemented for CakePHP. It might get also a non CakePHP specific branch.
Qt/C++ card games (for fun and no-profit!)
Automated Functional Testing for ios based on Cucumber
Quick hack to enable file uploads on Play 2.0 (until the official support is in)
telnet server

Particle Game
a plugin to add a reddit-style system of link sharing, commenting, and rating to WordPress
Free MT4 trade copier - Metatrader4 EA software to copy all trades from one to one or more Metatrader4 terminals written in MQL4 language (*.mq4)
Application using s#arp lite
Creates dummy posts, tags, and categories for testing
WordPress Blank Theme
HBase-Writer is an extension to the Heritrix open source crawler written by the Internet Archive (http://crawler.archive.org/) that enables it to store crawled content directly into HBase tables.

php apps made easy
Folio is an ePub editor written in MacRuby.
A web based 3d plotter, using canvas and JS 
Password generation and management tool
A module to install Gosa, an LDAP management tool
A script for versioned backups using rsync and hard links (or btrfs snapshots) to preserve space. Some advanced features are also available. A remote helper script in order to lock MySQL tables and/or use LVM snapshots as backup source, is also provided.
Python port of git-svn-mirror utility written in Ruby by Eloy Duran.
Email engine for CakeLog, CakePHP 2.x
A Polyglot Persistence Engine
Online Musical Instrument Shopping Website: 2nd Year DBMS Project
Using gulp, bower and sass like a boss
this is not a HTTP request lib like the ones you see around, it is REAL BROWSAH!
This repository contains various scripts related to Infoblox products (mainly NIOS and NetMRI).
Suite of tools for high speed programming in Python

Google Fonts in WebGL 3D
The Artsy Engineering Open-Source Developers Blog
A javascript library to parse (and render) org-mode files
QuickApps CMS pack de traduction multingue
Boom is an application which is intended to crash, like the Bomb.app application of the first Mac OS X betas. 
Time-based statistics for Git/Hg repos
Send images from flickr accounts to a Kodak Pulse digital picture frame
Dependency aware ruby tests

A debian package that can startup and shutdown Play applications from initd.
Some websites disallow pasting into password fields. This Safari extension fixes that misfeature.

Scalaz Promise-based library for working with Apache Zookeeper

Cold State Web Page
A web-based program to create and edit family trees
Track DOM changes made by jQuery
web app framework

Tesselate is a jQuery plugin to create grid-based (Nivo Slider-like) image transition effects


Easy to use HTTP requests for iOS - subclass and implement up to 4 methods.
Topgun, developed three years ago as a spare time project, is an android based jet game. You control the plane to dodge the bullets and try to survive as long as possible. I created the game four years ago started without any knowledge in android developm
The mysql connection pooling module for a prefork server (like php). You can limit the number of connections by shariing connections bewteern a parent process and child processes
Some javascript to help generate your next band/company name
JsLint Checker with JsLint4Java for Sublime Text 2
Easier interface to create dashboard widgets in WordPress
Contao Extension: Provides content elements for exporting data.
Alp, a text-mode email client.
A compiling version of Launcher 2 from the Android ICS source code
A set of helper functions I've been using in various XCode projects, abstracted for great good!
Ruby client for Trion World's RIFT Mobile App API
Python script for breaking or atomizing OAI-PMH repositories into simpler text formats
Brackets extension to make running tests faster
A location based messaging application for iPhone
Graylog2 module for Puppet
Parses POST requests with Content-Type: 'application/xml' for consumption in your express app
Builds a resume from your LinkedIn profile using JasperSoft's tools
SOLID PHP & Code Smells - Part 1: Single Responsibility Principle Source
An ECMAScript 5.1 parser, written in JavaScript.  The ECMAScript grammar was created using Jison.
Bash ENV scripts
\N
Ruby gem to import Apple's EPF Relational files.
Browser-based wizard for installing Strider from Github to Heroku
Dotfiles for Mac using zsh
A python script that helps you stay sane when working with external people who provide your iOS project with resources
With this Dokuwiki plugin you can index and search your pages with an external Solr server
Open source XML MVC framework for eXist-db
Experiment for using Nancy and WebKit.NET to create a windows desktop application using web technologies.
programming experiments
2d engine
A text adventure game
HTML 5 2d Game
Some useful utilities (bash or python scripts) for some routine administrative tasks
On Ruby
 AssetsBundle is a module for ZF2 allowing asset managment (bundling & caching)
Lizard site for showing the data from the DDSC api
A helper library for cgkit This provides some useful function to handle BVH animation format with cgkit
The combined context and utilities of an HTTP request and response.


This program "appelizes" your music collection into a separate directory, by recoding FLAC and OGG and hardlinking all the others.

A DocPad Skeleton based off Twitter's Hogan.js GitHub Page
A node.js module that brings common sense to console logging.
Pull data about Places from the Factual API
Dasein Cloud implementation for IBM SmartCloud. For more information on Dasein Cloud, see the Dasein Cloud home page at https://github.com/greese/dasein-cloud.

Natural Language Processing Tools
Git plugin for the Code::Blocks IDE
A plugin for Audacious to play GSF files. Based on Highly Advanced.
Implementation of the game Can't Stop using ServiceStack
A node.js app that dynamically builds and serves JavaScript files
[Magento Extension] Ajax Cart without any php code based on VF_EasyAjax module.

poky for translation
A CLI game written in php
XML module for Kohana 3 PHP Framework. Works with extendible, write-your-own drivers.
A free implementation of the Cisco ios/asa/catalyst command "begin" (similar to how egrep -i -A would work if you could specify <rest of lines> after -A) 
Hausbus3 implementation in Python
More Muc Than You Can Handle
Find, display, and optionally round floating point plane coordinates in Source engine VMF files.
a node.js library to do HTTP(S) requests the easy way
A class based programming DSL for Javascript
rails new -d postgres -T, omniauth-twitter, tiwtter-bootstrap-rails, etc...
RBS Change Relais Colis Module

A javascript based database for local memory based storage of data or resources
code for setting up Planet Python India 
Implementation of Microsoft's Media Transfer Protocol (MTP)
Code generation tool for SQLite in Android
Photography website - wp theme

Accademia Musicale-Culturale "HARMONIA" website
Implementation of the stratego game using websockets and NoSQL database
NoAgendaDashboard.com site source
ai intro assgn 1
An implementation of the FISH file sharing protocol
Used to create wrappers and proxy libraries for Windows binaries.
A try at asynchronous file I/O in twisted. Maybe it will work.
Ruby library for parsing files exported from Quickroute

An emacs minor mode for developing in Ruby on Rails
Party component
Festival Extension for php
Create Github repositories from the command line.
Implementation of a cxf proxy web service with service authentication using the Mule Spring Security Manager

Version 2.0 of Triplander (MongoDB + CherryPy, hopefully faster)
\N
A system to publish podcasts for large communities like subreddits.
Source for my blog.  Blog hosted on GitHub Pages at msgehard.github.com
where-is-felipe 2
tv guide with fast loading times
datatypes for xlib programming in chicken scheme
BD_BOX is an open source, scalable Brownian dynamics package for UNIX/LINUX platforms. BD_BOX uses flexible bead models to represent macromolecules
Bookmarklet for faster login to VisitorNet. Hosted here and at http://mmind.me/vnetp
Java class library that allow you to encrypt / decrypt a string or a file with many algorithms.
Matches translatable messages to text extracted from program screenshots

An old C++-based syntax highlighter I wrote
BeanSpy is an open source Java servlet technology provided by Microsoft to retrieve JMX information from Java EE application servers
Accessing Exchange Web Services from Clojure
Alternate version of WageTracker using SQLite instead of XML
A tool to handle traification of BG2 mods
Research based permission manager for Bukkit

MineCraft Guild Management System
Encargo de RBZ

The pit system used by Team 4977 for scouting/LordScout server

NYTimes Objective-C Client Library
Remote backup tool written in Python 3
jQuery image gallery-like plugin to cycle through a set of images.
Invoicing system
Zipwhip Presence API
The one and only web-to-booklet Firefox add-on!
A chess engine I wrote some time ago. I like chess and this seemed like a fun project. The engine isn't complete, it doesn't know about pawn promotions, and the AI isn't all that strong. But it does work, to some extent.
blog platform
iOS project illustrating a weak reference issue with OCMock
A sample webapp and acceptance test project that demonstrates some features of REST-driver.


Creative Commons Material Collection for Game Developer via Kawaz
A ZK component like JQuery Chosen

A Hebrew virtual keyboard which could be embedded into any website using a bookmarklet
FastPdfKit extension to add any content and interactivity over the page.
A  webfrontend (mysql/php) to analyze and search in a bunch of information that mediainfo_CLI get out of mediafiles



Refactor of IBM's (tm) hadoop filesystem to work with fuse4j
binder of songs and chords. uses Slim, php, mongodb
version 2 of the flux qc app
Ruby approaches to Project Euler
This module aims to provide protection from aggressive clients by blocking or reporting them with a script.

Use ticket:2134 to link to https://develop.studip.de/trac
For finding "points of interest" i.e. waist, hips, top of head, bottom of feet, etc. where measurements can be taken
A WordPress plugin that allows for creation of custom post types through the admin interface.
Plans for the "Rugged Outdoor Time Lapse" project in the September 2011 issue of Popular Science

component tester


Embedthis Build Tools
use flask on google app engine
A code igniter module for role based access which can also be based on groups
Liquid theme for Rusic's help buckets
A set of computational physics modules
A Wordpress plugin to add location info to posts and aggregate them on a Google Map
Library of commonly-used helper functions for Haskell
Add the jquery-fancybox jquery plugin to your rails 3.1 app.

Java Trusted Native Client
Sikuli script to autplay the netflix "next episode" button.

\N
Source code for all of the arrow solution kits.
Brand new theme for the telestrekoza 2012
Enhance the boring New Tab Page with widgets!
Terraria Server Wrapper
This project converts ASCII text to models to be displayed in programs using OpenGL ES running on Android 2.2
Translation Error Rate (TER)
Android App for mobilblogg.nu

Perl module for calling postgres parser and getting stuff back
Maven Echo Plugin


A lightweight library for quick sketching UI like interactions in Processing.
jQuery Professional Placeholder Plugin
Yet Another Blog Engine
A Little Chess Client/Server made with C and rpcbind
Second version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*

It is a jQuery Plugin

Second version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*-VP
Some irssi scripts
Sockwaz is live tweet viewer written in CoffeeScript.
A very flexible AJAX based MySQL data editor.

This is a client of Q4M to use in Symfony2 as a Bundle. this bundle is being developed now.
Parallel Primes (P^2): a parallel implementation of a prime number generator
Weblog app to make static weblog sites

Some useful extensions to ASP.NET MVC

The code that powers denachtdienst.org a website where friends can share their music.
Wordpress templates and plugins used for seekingmichigan.org
Prototype for google maps panorama overrides
rumble all-purpose data butler


Connect to the Jira API via Zend Framework OAuth
App from Sam Ruby's Agile Web Development with Rails

A system call interception framework
A Java library implementing unix password hash generation.
Project to sync iTunes on the Mac to your Android phone
Open Source XHTML, CSS, PHP and Javascript for WordPress sites built by Loud Feed

A Responsive Boilerplate Theme for WordPress
A quick and dirty way to use HTML5 in native apps
Bridgy pulls comments and likes from social networks back to your web site. You can also use it to publish your posts to those networks.
Converts SBV subtitle files to a comma-delimited format. SBV files are used by Youtube.com's automatic subtitle generating system, and can be downloaded. This program will convert them to a comma-delimited format that can be imported into MS Excel or Open
easy newsletter system based on ruby on rails 3.1
ruby wrapper for the webmetrics api
Unix config file editor written in javascript
A disk cleanup tool that thoroughly scans your computer for unnecessary and invalid files no longer being used by the system. Removes items missed by Windows Disk Cleanup and popular tools like CCleaner.
simulates media queries to run javascript code
Routing information via google maps
Sync JS automatically updates HTML, Scripts, data, and other resources within dynamic web pages. Unlike other JS frameworks, Sync JS attempts to significantly reduce the amount of JavaScript needed to create dynamic web applications.   The framework uses 
jquery ticker
TreeJS is a framework-independent, javascript-enabled hierarchical table.
A tool to help people who take medication keep track of it. You can buy it for $5 on my website or if you're geeky enough, build it from source!
In this challenge you will work on a simulation problem with a hydrographic theme. You will be asked to progressively fill an underground cave with water. The cave sports a particular topography of rock formations that will affect the way in which the wat
A stop-gap tool to automate the deployment of the Timetables web app.
backup from inception with photos update but disqus distorts

Script to discard all pending Mailman requests


It is the module for Joomla! that add social media/networks buttons on your site.
Google Chrome extension that shows a pop-up containing in-play and coming up football events on Betfair.
Listagem de produtos

Library to convert SVG paths to THREE.Paths
A ruby on rails email client
Grails Plugin for FullContact API
MediaWiki extension for including articles.
Entity Framework Code First Caching Mechanism

Khotyn's Github Blog
Tools On Python


simulacion de perfil en flash

A REST-API for managing and streaming music, along with a JS front end.
blog
Visual Scoreboard for your Blogger Blog
Oil Standard is a greasemonkey script that converts all US Dollar prices on every webpage into the equivalent value in barrels of oil, with a live price feed from the New York Mercantile Exchange. A commission of Turbulence.org.
A BrowserCMS module to integrate a google mini search appliance into CMS site.
A Backbone plugin to allow for Models structured with Fields.
A jQuery Plugin that allows different objects to move in a parallax motion around the page as it is scrolled.

Control principal y control de actitud
Multi-agent Learning Simulator and Benchmark
\N
ConTeXt file for generating hanzi practice sheets
C to Brainfuck Compiler (it is a long-term work, which is stilll under development)
siri proxy first plugin dev
\N
http tunnel

Pluggable crawlers to crawl geek profiles across portals like github, stackoverflow etc.

Tool to assist in the creation of ODF files, template-based for a magazine project at school.
A math library for graphics operation providing vector and matrix algebra and some other useful classes for describing colors, dimensions, points and rectangles. All classes are available in mutable and immutable variants.
This plugin allows you to execute custom scripts when you POST a Redmine's URL

Profile (aka. CV, Resume) generator for IT freelancers (multi-format, multi-language)
A chat client I am building from scratch.
Plugin that allows Uni to also create Lectures for a Course
Extensiones de la anterior

Adventures With Ruby On Rails
A ruby gem and command-line tool for interfacing with the MF60 Personal Hotspot

keep your cocoa DRY
Library for managing public-key-based identity

\N
Importing CSV data file into an iOS app via email attachment
An Object Oriented File Class for C++
Application built from "Rails 3 In Action" book by Yehuda Katz and Ryan A. Bigg


Asynchronous Proxy Engine for SilverStripe 3.0 - export DataObject class methods to javascript
Calibrate a camera in C++ using OpenKraken. An exercise for IMAC (Engineering school). You select identical points in different photographies and the application finds the coordinates in 3d of these points. Useful !
github page
A gateway to Salesforce for ARM based devices with limited HTTP client libraries.
SimpleErl is the simplest yet flexible and managable static site engine. Written in Erlang, executed by YAWS.
Your task is to write a Logo-like program that is capable of producing ASCII art. You will be provided with an input file containing a list of commands which when parsed and executed should produce an ASCII drawing.
Esto es una prueba de github
Bind 9 Config.


A python module to work with molecular data related to Transcription Factors
Establish an invocation context client side
some gentoo init scripts
Projet du cours de compil
Templates for http://cyclozzo.github.com
A Plone products used to replace the footer by a 3 level site map
blog
Scrubr contains a set of utilities to parse a payload against a definition. It can be used on it's own or it can be used as middleware for Connect.

A geographical content management system as a DeepaMehta 4 module. A rewrite of Kiezatlas 1.6.
Gravitar component for Appcelerator Titanium

Octopress-powered blog
max/msp based game sound engine
Some jQuery UI experiments
The Flash application that is used to access virtual worlds and games on the Bit Whirl platform.

An installable theme for Plone4
Encrypt your data with RSA using Javascript and decrypt it in appengine java
Stupid continuous deployment tool. Probably nobody else will care about

Backup of all packages to install  a server with PHP, MySQL, PhpMyAdmin, ...

An experiment to replicate a music visualiser (originally created in Processing) in Python.
JOMC is an object management and configuration application programming interface with corresponding reference implementation and tools for managing object management and configuration code.

Zookeeper recipes using python
commonconcept.net rails edition
Various projects, mostly including hardware design
connect to cisco (web) vpn using openconnect


Performance Test Server Component
Juego de poker web
Twin Ion is a nodeJS-based game engine for SWCCG


C# library for sending and receiving data over HTTP(S). Or a peon to do your HTTP bidding.

A quick-and-dirty script that I use to analyze use of color in CSS-files.

Server-side aggregator of RSS, email, tweets, google+, etc
A internal ruby DSL for Quizzes design
iOS Structure (iStructure) MVC Framework
Plataforma de entrenamiento de Ajedrez
OpenFlow Test Tool
Pull information about a Code Repository into your PHP application. (Okay, really just Git for now.)
Static files for CTDA's installation of Romeu

Portfolio Website by Peter Grassberger.
PHP / Zend Framework sample code
Utileria para emitir Comprobantes con CBB
Use a desktop or mobile browser to control your mouse pointer and send keystrokes.
WordPress plugin using Custom Post Types, Custom Taxonomies and a "mini" custom admin interface. For adding and deleting "Quotes", this NOT the same as WordPress' Quote Post Format
SSO based login and registration service which has facebook, twitter and other possible integration. 
The Offensive (Web, etc) Testing Framework (aka owtf) is an OWASP+PTES-focused try to unite great tools and facilitate pen testing

Google Reader Watcher Firefox extension

Minimalist framework for python based on RoR. Exaple application.




Application for the Department of Recording Arts (Indiana University)
Open Source by Alfa Janog site
Hacker News Google Chrome extension that provides keyboard navigation.
Python re-engineering of DieDieDie
A jQuery plugin to help with the 'blank slate' form experience
Controle de eventos e atividades do M
Rails Backend for Google Chrome HTTP Status Code Lookup Extension
NOTE: Has moved to: https://github.com/amplify91/RAW-Gdx
[experiment] Sinatra-based application for rubyinstaller.org website (WiP)
A 2d jump'n'run game which auto-generates its worlds
DarkTower inspired rogue-like
Build self-contained scripts from a set of files built as CommonJS modules.

Chrome extension that runs on WordPress.org plugins pages.  It adds a link to the plugin's SVN repo below the .zip file download link.
A library supporting an Smalltalk translation of ML-style sum and product types, with Scala-style extractors..
Template for a Noir app for Eclipse and Counterclockwise

A GUI Application for Linux that show SMS Messages from the SMS Message Backup Android App
Node.js data and content management platform with plugin and component architecture
A slightly modified version of ChibiPaint (http://www.chibipaint.com/)
Kavalan Management System, currently being developed at Wufulab Ltd.
School related work
Cluster Control 2
Python helper classes to access CouchDB
javascript army list editor engine for all ArmyCalc apps to use.
WordPress geotagging plug-in


Boilerplate setup for App Engine using Go
Motivated to not be a too damned time consuming activites, I create this framework implementing Microsoft IUI style application. Focused heavily on database desktop application.

A Lua tool for programmatically interacting with MS Word forms

Ruby gem client for Elastic Search as SaaS

Quick scaffolding of new .net class libraries and web projects using PowerShell.
Child Day Care program for Belgium (techniques: WPF, Caliburn, WCF, CQRS, OData)
Mozilla: Common BIPostal storage libraries
[WordPress Plugin] Move your Pages/Posts/Custom Post Type admin links from the sidebar to a Content menu that nests everything where it should be
java based postgis visualisation engine
Sublime Text 2 package of snippets for node/async
grails application for the storage of a/v metadata
Web API server which expands multiple shortened URLs recursively.
(obsolete, unmaintained) tsung config generator
Java bindings for MEI
Site for tracking Wizard (or any game) scores over time
solver for bubble blast 2 game on android
A bot to go through public github repos, apply universal changes like security fixes, and issue a pull request to pull the changes in. Written in Scala.
Vim Configs and Plugins for porting across machines
The helper is a library where a specific function can do in plug and play.
A toy Haskell HTML parser that can pretty-print a well-formed subset of HTML
When this grows up, it will be an Android client for Transport for London's bus countdown system.
The new version of wikigeolinks, a web application that lets you explore interactively how the georeferenced articles of the Wikipedia are connected. This new version is built with Leaflet.
TV notification service. Reimplementation of seriesly without Google's App Engine or Django
Nether is a rails engine for easily adding endless page functionality to paginated content.
HTTP library
A starter kit to create applications with grails using OAuth 2.0 and Google as provider
A JavaScript Development Tool
Turnitin Direct plugin (version 2) for Moodle
A set of C++ libraries based on different premises than the STL/Boost libraries
Haskell tool to automatically bump package versions transitively.
Raspberry Pi running on Java, with some LEDs, an Adafruit LED matrix, and a Android device
HTTPS Everywhere is a Firefox and Chrome extension that encrypts your communications with many major websites, making your browsing more secure.
rails source for the website freeldssheetmusic.org
Playing with DCI in Ruby
Emacs.d setting for HTML / CSS / JS programming
A python script which leverages git to help you organize and archive your openFrameworks projects.
An extension of the mustache text template engine for .NET.
Python script to convert SVG to points, and then to CDFs and the like.
[OBSOLETE] Create your own framework on top of Symfony
Website source
A project for TEDx labs, this source was used to create a Bop-It style game using fruit as touch sensors.
This is a prototype iPhone app that checks you in and out of the Lunatech Office.
Seeeduino DS3231 library updated to run with Arduino 1.0 IDE
LFSR library for C
An open-source Airbrake read client for iOS.
source repository server over ssh
An open-source, cross-platform, 3D graphics and game-development framework using Haxe/Lime
Boilertek is a generic scafolding tool with some customization options and a user-frendly command line interface.
Team-based player tags for Bukkit servers.
Useful automation scripts. Mostly in Python... and Ruby
quick-and-dirty android library for OpenDataKit/JavaRosa forms.  Only supports input text and selections so far, but it's a work in progress
A UI to easily add and remove beers from the main website
an extension for phpBB around oGame
Blog
Statistical Machine Translation implementation with Python: especially IBM Model1, 2, and phrase-based machine translation.

Prints a list of anagrams for a given letter set, either in the console or via the web.
A web crawler written in D, to feed a MySQL database, for easy connection to Sphinx indexer.
Use WaniKani's (http://www.wanikani.com/) API in your Ruby applications
RubyMotion automatically converts NSNull.null instances to nil making it... difficult to store an NSNull instance.  This class and category on NSObject might help!
An enhanced SWORDv2 module for DSpace 1.8.2 and 3.0
Adds some enhancements to rdio.
Native Javascript SNMP library for Node.js
RAPT: Ren'Py Android Packaging Tool
tinyproxy - a light-weight HTTP/HTTPS proxy daemon for POSIX operating systems
A mobile-friendly inline slider powered by a Google Spreadsheet. Requires Tabletop.js and jQuery.
Make your sharing widget! Sharrre is a jQuery plugin that allows you to create nice widgets sharing for Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus (with PHP script) and more.
This is a cross-platform, CUDA-based C++ implementation of the framework proposed in our paper "GPU Accelerated Time-of-Flight Super-Resolution for Image-Guided Surgery".
Java IRC framework

Async control flow library for Node.js and the browser.
Simple-to-use C/C++ library to play PC-98 PMD chiptunes
customizations of Omeka Berlin theme
Another application for DIY magic mirror
surplus water allocation system created with codeigniter and bootstrap
A set of R scripts for automated horse racing actions
Get to Inbox Zero every day. Draws some graphs to keep you motivated.
LocalStorage storage implementation for MarsDB
LocalForage storage implementation for MarsDB
Creating an application using C#, Password manager.
Reactive Programming for Scala and Scala.js (former Monifu).
This is the API Evangelist reciprocity provider research site.  
This is a working repository for the containers and APIs research
Easy to use Espresso contributions for UI Testing with Realm components (RealmRecyclerView, etc) 
Enhanced Version of the jQuery Cookie plugin that uses HTML5's localStorage feature and that support chunking of values in multiple cookies to save big size content.
nose2 port of the original nosedep plugin for expressing a test running order
Wrapper script and config files to use neovim+konsole as a normal gui text editor
sf-ntp extension periodically runs ntpdate program to synchronize the local time on current machine with a set of trusted time servers.
This is an additional module for Stab which lets you use Github-comments on your own hosted copy of Stab.

Web App to find and share recipes
Experimental visualisation of runs using Swift and Strava API
A helloworld application written in Java using the Maven build system
Sponge API v2.1
jQuery museum gallery
The protocol the worker-client communication in redstone
Full-stack web app inspired by Meetup built on Rails, React/Flux, jQuery, HTML/CSS
C# library that converts between common formats
Android List View which shows Title,No. of Forks and No. of Stars of ur git repo
The dot grid planner builder using react (and devise)
A declarative approach to fetching data via superagent
A tool for truncating all tables related by foreign key from a specified root table.
https://regexcrossword.com/ solver using Z3py
RxJS-flavored version of HTTP fetch API for node.js

code for predicting and improving visual realism in composite images
helper for tkinter
Sums up all your steam transactions given the generated HTML of https://store.steampowered.com/account/history/
A web framework to host media files released under a permissive license.
AI agents that are built based on the game Antics, used in the AI class at the University of Portland
A collection of tools for internationalizing Python applications
 Basejump: File Metadata Microservice
Api to app android
Built using HTML5/CSS3/JQuery
An application for tracking the movements of your mouse on the screen to see how much you eventually have covered.
Kerbal Space Program Status and Control Panel
This gamemode starts out like Secret Teams where no teams are colored but when someone gets a kill however their color is shown on tab you would have to find out teams by people getting kills.
Like a diary, but simpler.
PDF File Fixing Tool
Securely upload temporary files on your server
A script to execute commands when something is changed.
From Youtube: CodeWithChris "How To Make An iPhone App - Multiple Views, MapKit, Subclassing"

An Android version of the popular card game Innovation.
An engine that keeps track of concurrent edits on a file

A set of shell scripts and systemd units to co-ordinate periodic taking of photos and transferring them to a web server. All raspberry pi-s.
new project site
:watch: Read news abstracts on your Pebble, more feeds coming soon.
Remote copy of folders/files using socket.io
A generic plugin system that might wrap around eb
A Rails plugin to have your Typeform available in seconds.
Plugin for GitBooks that provides analytics (via Clicky) for your documentation.
A todo list using Java servlet as a web application
Generate a podcast RSS feed from files stored in Azure Blob Storage
Java ILP is a simplified java interface to (mixed) integer linear programming solvers like, e.g., lp_solve, Glpk, SAT4J (0-1 ILP), CPLEX, or Mosek.
Second version of the SAFE Network's Potential Apps Website
python module to to interact with the Pi-LITEr 8-LED Raspberry Pi shield
LvL 99 Lua scripts backup.
x10 CM11 driver written in golang.
BoW model toolkit implemented by python
rancher-agent for RancherOS + SpotInst.com with a #cloud-config user data.
returns link created for adding to front page
Text editor in assembly language
This android app is to remind good things which you have done in your life.Later your mind will be happy after reading those good things which you have done.
Final GBA project for CS 2261. A tough Super Meatboy like platformer that also adds dimension shifting to the mix.
A school notice board type thing.
Python program that plays Boggle
Runs a set of tests against an API defined in apidoc to ensure consistency
Android micro-library that makes the development process easier
A configurable framework for building a geographic "data dashboard" from a GeoJSON file.
Python tricks and tweaks presentation files
Plugin that controls the importing of content onto the david.vg site
Liferay FMS Portal Classic Theme
OpenGL 4.3 Engine written entirely in portable C
A list of recipes to testing your React code
A simple, readable, vim theme, with suggestions for rolling your own.

A cross platform electron based app that will handle launching the game client and dealing with the servers for other tasks like matchmaking
A program made for my school CS class that allows you to build a logic gate circuit and execute it using the console, written in Java.
Smart Classroom app for teacher
local-nginx docker container with everything built locally
Fast IP2Location lookups in Go using the "ACL" datafeed
Android Studio Game Development by j DiMarzio
Java Badge Project
Services for the tagmyclip website
Loopback Admin Component
A Haskell API to google Sheets 
A python program that implements the Blackjack poker game.
The first level of the Math Game leveraging the proof engine and adding the Front End

emacs settings for C, C++, html, node.js, ...
Return a clean list from a comma separated values string
A free, portable subset of the C standard library
Application Theme
PHP is a popular general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited to web development. Fast, flexible and pragmatic, PHP powers ever..
Helper provider to assist in general crud functions of a restful controller

Have you uploaded any sensitive data to your Box account, credit card numbers, social security numbers, phone numbers?? Well Lets Find out!!
Personal messenger Bot to notify you in group chats when you're mentioned
JSON test data generator, node.js server accepting JSON Schema with annotations conforming to json-schema-faker, and returns JSON sample data.
Emulate In-memory storage like database
A Nukkit plugin which adds some useful commands in game like '/sethome'
Open Sourced Tweaks
Docker containers for projects
Test-Driven Development, from the very beginning, with Python (Django app)
Actor Push notification server - replacement for Google Cloud Messaging
GitChecker is an open source tool which aggregates statistics about Github projects
Articles module for the ACP REST API server.
A c# winforms project that downloads and saves a given webpage, and the webpages which are linked from it upto a specified depth.


An intuitive, action-based, chainable helper library for Protractor
A platform for Dota 2 betting and tracking team informations.
SimElements is a Python-based package for dynamic/continuous and discrete event simulation
Javascript version of Conway's game of life
Server & client software for Firewall Cafe
Web development with careerfoundry
using python to create lmdb format input for mnist
Source code for "Unsupervised Lexicon Discovery from Acoustic Input ", Lee et al, 2015 TACL
Poverty Reduction Module
Intel 8080 emulator in C#.  Fully functional with a working Space Invaders arcade.
Clearly the most useful Slack bot ever created!
Game created for a 48 hour game jam with friends in June of 2015
Parse react source file and generate html or markdown table


EASI Programming Language Source Code
A web application for modern services for all kind for ex- plumber,electrician,carpenter etc. 
Interactive Game
Mac OS Installation Helper is a tool to that can help you install Mac OS to any supported laptops.


Chrome browser extension to read out incoming slack messages
Himesama is a YhavaScript library for building user interfaces.  Its just like React, except components re-render in response to a single global state (like in redux) rather than states distributed to each component.
Bitcoin elasticsearch data harvesting tool for Bitfinex 
Css utility framework
some 8bit emulators: Apple1, Commodore PET
UIkit components built with React (Meteor package)
a sleek login screen using html and css
A repository that contains Minecraft PE's ModPE Scripts, Addons, and more
reindent code, whilst preserving git blame
Installer for the open fpga toolset for Lattice processors. This tool has been created so that it can be translated to any languages.
Redactor plugin for copy formatting of text in editor and applying to another text in editor

Markdown editor with live previewer built in React.js (react-markdown, babel ES6 to react components, webpacker, eslint)


Detect new flash player version

System made to play the game Street fighter II from the SNES based in a Neural Network Machine Learning
iOS Attributor
source code for the website
FreeCodeCamp Basejumps API projects
use for creating message board 
a tool to analyze, check and test DHCP services
The tool framework for managing databases. It will be coded by python.
pipsi-tool is set of helpers for pipsi.
create restfullapi (Web service)
Transform and inject resources into HTML template.
Golang client for Alibaba diamond config manage system.

A C# implementation of Twitter's text processing library
This is the project site for API monetization
Its a kind of toolkit to track the exception arising in the application and it will generate a json and can upload in your server using your own post url.
SAKURA Cloud API client for Go
Mariadb docker image with some customizable variables.
DropZon Upload of excel file with node mock server accepting the dropzone file
Python web tool for analyzing transaction histories
A jekyll template made to serve content in JSON format. Administered your content with Github or prose.io and deploy your JSON API to Github pages. 

A free framework for Unity that will help drastically increase the development speed and feature set of your games.
UIVisualEffects Objective-c implementation
Node server - frontend framework to create velbus interfaces
Plethora is an open-source PHP framework which gives a set of tools to create web-applications.
The data upload tool for SwitchON, based on the JQuery File Upload and the Flask File Upload tool.
Front-End JavaScript Frameworks: AngularJS from HK University

This tool will help you to generate a Config.ttc file with your own connection stuff.
Old school project, for a connect-4 solver and AI.
enilu's english blog
Toby's javascript git implementation.
Per-page reminder bubble for current Git branch (for Laravel)

I implemented Jotto game in java using MVC design pattern
Zombie Master source mod ported to Garrys Mod glua
A NLP module that reads local files (.txt) from a folder or webpages (.html) from a bookmark file and displays the 20 most popular words, indicating the interests and e-hobbies of the user.
PowerShell Scripts
Pyed is the abbreviation of Python Event Driver. It offers user a rapid development for a event system using tcpserver, timer etcd
Plugin for the Bludit Aqua Theme
reading and processing file system trees in sbt console
API for mobile application
User Timeline Chart using D3
A general-purpose scene editor for the Panda3D open-source game engine
PHP framework  
Ansible roles to create VPC,EC2,ELB etc
Create an index of (geojson) layers, which can be used in the stand-alone client.
A generated polymer library with the vaadin api-generator https://github.com/vaadin/gwt-api-generator
a iOS style switch control.
NPM package to get news articles based on certain keywords and save them as GeoJson-features.
A python script that downloads manga for you in jpeg form
Rotating circle spinner for web apps - TinyOwl
A chess clock created at the Innovation Camp at CG
This is a Python software that tries to read and work data from a SAP SQL Database extraction
Back-up to your Stack storage
Clojure library for interacting with Veritrans payment gateway.
Translation module for meteor astronomy
tagged template string virtual dom builder
Smart grocery list manager in Kotlin for Android
webGL gaming engine
Wordpress Theme for BD Guide
Play steam games inside a docker container.
Cloud orchestration project

Contains whole scripts which has been made by me
Yet another implementation of sidebar menu, but here your menu appears over the top view controller.

Just a fun bot for a twitch channel using the PricBot framework for easy acces to the tiwtch irc servers
Migrate JTS version control from SVN to GIT
A backup tool for GitHub repositories
Arduino library for model railroaders
Share files between clients without storing them on the server
Assembling a subset of nahant vibriophages using pacbio data and comparing it to assemblies created only with illumina data.
Smart selenium base web driver written in Ruby
A command line tool for managing font data on a single svg file
A Laravel Application for storing all your contacts
Pin entry component for react-native
A tool for managing live and recorded youtube videos between different users
Python script to generate an iCal calendar from the GDQ schedule
A Python bot that queries every AppID on the steam store for given passwords the user enters for the Steam Winter Sale 2015/2016 ARG
Dockerfile of Debian /srv/www/ data volume.

Google App Invites for React Native
to send generic mails using the mandrill API in PHP as server side. (Web based only)
a Discord bot for Python 3.5+

Node.js module to manage SSH Configuration files in a sane way.
student-registration form in node.js
This is the Git repo of the Docker image for the Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid i386 (32bit)
Youtube Simulator Game
Robot Framework Test Case Editing and Running Development Environment with Web.
Transform you probabilties into coordinates to display
A python script to retrieve current weather and forecast data from openweathermap.org for your current position as well as any city arroudn the world. The Data can be loaded in a conky config file.
ToDo List using MEAN Stack + AngularJS
Ionic component for collapsible comment threads
Easy linkable nginx Docker-Container
Box plugin for HiDev
A helper for organising Our Christian Life And Ministry Meeting

scripts and configuration of the ledger-cli
A blog based on beego
Vue BEM Directive - A vue.js directive for automatic BEM class generation when creating components. A very rough example can be found here: https://jsfiddle.net/at1h1z1z/6/
This application is to present your personal CV.
General and helpful tools for ZF2 applications
Add a Center To My Position button like available on Google Maps
Cloud Block Storage as a Service
express view engine for partial react views
Morra game built for a project in the university

Free Antpool PHP-API-Client
HTML5 Clock jQuery Plugin
Final content of the system of the group project
This software can add event capabilities to an object. And works on any modern browser like Chrome, Webkit, Firefox etc.

Automatically created docker image for php
Provides functions to create histogram from Bitmap images.
A storage application for malt and hops built in Django.
Repo for generating images which fool a trained CNN on MNIST
Android implementation of Conway's Game of Life using AnimatedVectorDrawables
A iOS GUI for CR Smart Home
 A Traybar Application for WhatsApp written in C++
Ruby JSON-only client for QuickBooks Online API v3. Built on top of the Faraday gem.
Python script to repurpose eml files into specific date ranges for indexing
[0.0.2] Extract plain text from any kind of document
Golang utility class KeyLock: lock by string key, so as to avoid giant lock
A helper Android library to extend a Map class to make it multi-key.
Static analysis tools for template languages

Lightweight framework for old-school RPG GUI in web!
Android - Hackathon game
(WIP) Rich-Text Editor that behaves like Tencent QQ's.
A node.js alternative for Varnish Cache
A Command line tool for format Android Logcat.
ActiveRecord exercise for W3D3 of lighthouselabs.com web development bootcamp 
NPM package to create Dungeons and Dragons 5e character sheets
A openwrt build environment using docker
Remove diacritics, accent from string

Arch install script
A subtley elegant ghost theme
An implementation of Ant Colony System in Java
R helper package for creating, manipulating, and visualizing Atlantis input files and data
A Python script to help you write more human readable config files for TextMate
Some scripts for the atom code editor
A MongoDB storage driver for Botkit
Chrome extension to prevent you from scrolling down on Facebook too much
VS 2015 syntax highlighting for Lolcode
Java program which allows the user to choose array size, sorting algorithm, worst, best or average case complexity. Based on the input, program will display the time consumption of the selected sorting algorithm
Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Magento module to disable customer registration through the disallowRegistration method
PHP Zodiac Calculator
Scabbia2 Config Component
Scabbia2 Events Component
Scabbia2 LightStack Component
An experimental project which uses the UDP protocol
python script for mirroring youtube videos
Scabbia2 Tasks Component
Scabbia2 Helpers Component
Scabbia2 Router Component
Scabbia2 Testing Component
Scrapper API for twitter user data using Flask. Study purposes.
Norad Framework Command Line Interface

Different experiments using Node.js

Some docker images and convenience scripts for g-2 development
Magento module to disable customer registration through the disallowRegistration method
Python scripts from the 'Raspberry Pi Cookbook for Python Programmers' Tim Cox (2014)


Be a library hijacker: using LD_PRELOAD for setting safe home-made memcpy
Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Control you Nec LCD monitor from a Unix command line
Create a library with webpack to be used by bower
popover component for angular applications
C++ server, creates a new process for each connecting client
Tools for playing with php tokens
A website which states your geolocation
Set of tools for dealing with time data
Honey encryption library (work in progress).
Manage your personal Budget on your own server
This is the game board game Othello
The Ninja Tracker application created by following Meteor + React
SevenTX plugin - Flash
Gulp plugin that improves your site with modern web standards.
The Magic Mirror Webserver
Repo to track theme implementation on tru production server
A file system is designed using C Language where the sector size is 512 Bytes. It is a CUI where we can create, open and delete a file or directory and read, write and seek from a file.

Contact list app with ActiveRecord exercise for W3D2 of lighthouselabs.com web development bootcamp
Congressional App Challenge ~2015-2016 (Vikram Sharma, Michael Chen, Sahaj Putcha, Nishant Yadav)
:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component

An iOS app for a food ordering website http:/treathunger.com .
eXeLearning with native saving in standard ePUB files and pure HTML/Javascript interaction templates (iDevices).  Work in progress.
A real time strategy game. Still in early development. Initially created/started by Alex Nordhausen (Namone)
A jQuery/Backbone application in which users can make wolf versions of themselves
Ensure all lines in a CSV contain placeholders for missing columns. Solution for 'missing column' errors when using postgres COPY command
This Arduino code reads a PPM signal and puts the servo values into an array (called ppm), reagrdless of channel number, polarity, ppm frame length, etc...
Atom package to clean your repo
Look up closing price data of any stock with it's stock symbol over a defined date range.
Some Low level stuff with linux using C and python
Program which makes a double column list of of NIST vulnerabilities
The website for HCET Notix Project.
Operation scripts for Glyphoid (e.g., data and deployment)
Pachyderm is a web-based rich-media interactive presentation authoring and publishing system.
A website template layout
Simon Zelazny's Blog
App for https://github.com/goeuro/dev-test
New Payments Platform repo
Maps App using Google Maps SDK for iOS (Swift iOS) .
Simplified backup tool written in python
Autonomous Airfield and resource management script

Material Design implementation with style guide
Program to maintain a database of your own personal comic collection, with comic details from GCD (comics.org).
Easily create software


Create your own magazines from bookmarked articles!

downloads planetmoney episodes from 2013-2015
In this project, I seek to build a machine learning algorithm that can identify Enron employees who might have committed fraud from the Enron financial and email dataset.

Rails 5 api template app
A C++ library for update checking and automatic updating of the software distributed via GitHub releases

Separate repository for Asteroids Game from home

Simon Says game to learn object-oriented programming

abcde plugin for OpenMediaVault
Maintains a local copy of the eeDomus database
Testbench for integration testing of the JUnit-Tools plug-ins.
client side scripts to help maintain our websites and online tools
Implementation of x-callback-url (Inter app communication) in swift
Spring + AngularJS template application
API for Astronomy Pics of the Day site. Written in Node.js
Modern 3D OpenGL engine.
Machine for doing OpenStack contributions.  This saves you having to do all the prerequisite stuff on your development machine, so you can just get right to fixing code/docs and submitting.  Some minor tweaking needed to individualize. 
Docker project for creating teamspeak servers.
Base visual component implementation.
ruby 2.3.0 development
Solutions to various problems from Project Euler, in different languages.
Delphi 5 - Delphi XE+ general purpose library of routines.

c++ and openGL chess program
Open-sourced code for the prestashop-sync.com webservice
Paramalyzer - Burp extension for parameter analysis of large-scale web application penetration tests.
2-cycle MIPs CPU implemented in Logisim.
Comment Parser for Casey Neistat 2015 Giveaway
JSF User Interface for the TodoMore application
Wordpress Theme Freifunk 
 Push Notification Service Erlang Support Library
Coding exercise using Spring Boot
python tools for genetics analyses
University project about linear programming problem using regression analysis 
Software for syncing notes with LiveSplit using the LiveSplit server component.
MarsDB storage implementation based on LevelUP
This project will be an Open ID, .net 5, MVC6, React, Dapper, and Breeze base project.
A little hours program for work hours
Apache Qpid Broker with Web Management (Docker image)
Paxos protocol implementation for consensus in distributed systems

In progress multiplayer 2D game and engine.
Python API for ClickSign
Little language that compiles into Javascript
Landing site for torchlight legal
App website for the Family Medicine Study Guide

Domoticz Client Application for Android Devices
The main page of Funsites with all the sites.
A set of scripts we use with Docker and Amazon ECS/ECR to manage things.
Electronic Systems class Final Project. Consists of a Temperature/HeartRate monitor based on the PIC16F1825 uController.
network server and client for classic game of Mastermind
A development version of Pimcore for Docker
Online Shop - Web Shop HTML
Checking out react
Add the pigpio library to kodi on the raspberry pi 2 for I/O purposes
The essential files for our site theme, based on the free Wordpress theme "Edin"
Final project of 520 Intro. to AI. Naive Bayesian, Perceptron & Neural Network Classifiers for handwrite digits and faces.
Lightweight LibNFC glue for Node.js (intended for reading Mifare Classic RFIDs via ACR122U/USB)
Defender Game
Password Storage
Tool to graphically resize portraits for Baldur's Gate 2


a google drive based timemap library for nodejs
Portfolio Website #2
Delphi 5 - Delphi XE+ compatible version of DUnit.  Currently for the Win32 and Win64 platforms.  Initial checkin is from SourceForge revision 26, the last revision that worked with Delphi 5.
Designing Restful API Final Project -https://www.udacity.com/course/designing-restful-apis--ud388
Assignment 1 for 520 Intro. to AI. A Star Search
A .NET extension library for akka.configuration that provides the boilerplate code for creating Akka.NET clusters.
Easy configuration setting and getting for Laravel projects ("persistent settings")

Reference architecture for a todo-application built on HTML5/Angular 2/Bootstrap.
Web application for genealogists that allows to generate reports from separate GenoPro files.
Set of programs to organize and display desktop wallpapers.
A Cisco IP phone config generator written in PHP

This repo is useful for iOS developers who wants to animate label on the text field.
Predicting Dota 2 match outcomes based on draft
Attempt to use Data Driven Model article from Code Magazine
Vim bindings to the HaRe haskell refactoring tool
Desktop application for creating physical therapy evaluation documents
Layering implementation of RISC-V instructions over AHB
Hayashi Empirical Work
The Nethunter Linux Root Toolkit is a collection of bash scripts which install Nethunter onto a supported device.
A quick guessing game I made for a Powershell class at Bellingham Technical College

A work for any number of musicians in which pitches that are heard most often are slowly removed from the set of available pitches over the course of the piece until no more pitches are left.
Some algorithms, data structures, and graphics in Java

This is the code for the beta version of BALL IS LIFE
Is the ground shaking from an earthquake or just a truck driving by? After moving to CA, its hard to tell
Hayashi Empirical Work
Kind Website
Balance is an Android app made by MotivFit. Currently under development.
Exigo corp wordpress
A mud based on D&D 5.0 using Websockets
create your graph and run Dijkstra to get the shortest path between 2 nodes
An image curves control UI to be used alongside GPUImage curves filter.
Turn an led into a sensor using an ATMega328P
Work in progress tic-tac-toe game.
a url search based on the Coursera API, by the Johns Hopkins University - MD
Run command in vim with current buffer and see the result side-by-side
Borderless browser app for watching Netflix in a floating window above all other apps.
A Game Boy game with collision detection
A wrapper library for Gosu (Ruby version) adding functionality.
Computer players for a German card game (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skat_(card_game))

Tools for photo collections.
Vagrant setup that creates a  ci server for all sorts of languages and tools
Dockerized environment for Magento 1.x development
A clean version of our swerve drive code designed to be easily integrated into a new project.
The JavaScript state management library
React-Redux-ES6-Webpack version of Book Catalog
A ClowdFlows 2.0 package, which provides data mining widgets based on Weka.
Budget First is an open source budget application based on the envelope budgeting or zero-sum budget approach, in which income is partitioned in various categories and spending only occurs from these categories.
A system for tracking curriculum addressed by a problem-based question set.
Remember that stupid game you used to play on your old Nokia all the time?
A Python-based password and todo-list manager using QML
Douban HTTP API
A more detailed way to build an e-commerce site using Solidus, Split, & a product picking model.
Going about your day-to-day business, you might not have realized the things we take advantage of. Well, we did.
A node.js server farm with everything you ever dreamed of
JavaScript bitmap processing filters for images, video and canvas supporting HTML5 Web Workers.
Drone optimize app
A JSX view package where Cerebral is first class citizen
iOS app retrieving up-to-date food related recalls from OpenFDA, a government project.
Automated test harness for performing demo playback regression tests for DOOM source ports that implement demo logging.
A Windows 10 PDF reader app. Goals include 1) No options, 2) Touch and mouse friendly
Java project to mine EMR data for predictive analysis.

node's net api in react-native

flusk server implementing control SLV API (BL)
A four-day Agile project to create an online store in Rails
Circuitscape is a free, open-source program which borrows algorithms from electronic circuit theory to predict patterns of movement, gene flow, and genetic differentiation among plant and animal populations in heterogeneous landscapes. Circuit theory comp
IoT Tower alert we did this last night of 2015!!
A Rails Engine that makes it easy to create shortened URLs for your rails application
Set of tools for initializing and deploying Wordpress sites
a just in time datasource for Mapnik
DEPRECATED: USE MAPBOX.JS


Super sparse multi-class machine learning with Cython
Website for OKC.js, an Oklahoma City JavaScript User Group. okcjs.com
Outil de calcul de medecine pour smartphone
Chris Johnson's HTML project template
Randomly generates a grid and sees if a provided set of words is in the grid, like as in a words search
Grove is a way for developers to share git repositories directly over HTTP, without needing a central service like GitHub to connect them. Developers can share as many repositories as they like, and don't need to push their changes or branches in order to
Major mode for editing Godot Engine GDScript files with Emacs.
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/powtils
spirit2json is an attempt at a standards-compliant json parser/generator written in C++ using Boost Spirit 2
MathLex JavaScript math entry system
DADI API is a high performance RESTful API layer designed in support of API-first development and the principle of COPE
Helper library for working with VMware from python
A ruby script to download all files from your classic Basecamp account
Pull to refresh ListView like iPhone has, derived from Johan's work
Change Ruby I18n localize to use parsi digits and jalaly dates in farsi locale
[Deprecated] use locomotive cms or similar http://locomotivecms.com
A string extensions library for node.js
Some useful widgets for Android.
Can you keep your little monster alive? Feed him meat and love or it'll die fast! ;)
A TextMate bundle created to add a few useful snippets for developing HTML Emails



Text based game
EOS Source Kit Language - A mysterious, but useful C code, for i386 and ARM architectures.
An old iOS application which displays the latest software updates from MacUpdate. Never published - No longer developed nor maintained.
Atmos iOS is an open source project for crowdsourcing user and sensor generated data about the weather on iOS devices.















WordPress Chat Room plugin
















360 Wordpress Plugin
will be a data packaging management tool - WIP
FUSE for OS X support tools
Sublime Text 2/3 Snippets for CakePHP
FEUP: Computer Laboratory - EIC0020 - 2012/2013 - Graphical text & code editor for Minix 1.8 operative system
unix/linux bootloader bsp compiler kernel lkm and app 
libabc: skeleton userspace library. http://0pointer.de/blog/projects/libabc.html
A Rails application for tracking my banknote collection.
Bachelor Relation system
Popover plugin for jQuery
Real-time Backbone.js app with iOS styling -- post a message and all other users see it without having to refresh. Extends Backbone Collection & Model objects - adding web sockets (and fallback polling) support (pub/sub), by subscribing to specific events
empty mdogo skeleton app
NB plugin for exercise authors
Auburn University math department syllabus template
A .Net Portable Class Library to simplify the calling of a RESTful web service from a .Net client application.
Parses an initialisation (ini) text file and returns a ColdFusion structure of properties.
Data winners is a data collection application supporting multiple channels like sms, web and smartphone. Goal is to enable seamless data collection, reporting and visualization.
A Penn Treebank-style parsed corpus of historical Greek from Homer through the Greek New Testament.
A buildout recipe that generates a configuration file for SublimeCodeIntel
Ruby library for Microsoft Bing Search API
Profiler is a software component to easier the investigation of the performance issue. It provides some tools to report the CPU usage and call times of the profiled places.
Apache Commons Collections converted to use Java 1.5 generics.
shared assets used on rpmware.com and related sites.
The core of object recognition, where the development now happens
An Xposed mod to add a button to the app info window for installed apps that takes you to the Play Store page for that app
The Banners module is a url driven way of displaying images on your site
Set expiry dates for users in WordPress
Integrate Ajax-Chosen javascript library with Rails asset pipeline
A lightweight browser extension that scrobbles the music you listen to on the web.
TwEater (short for Twitter Eater) is a tool designed to help you archive long-term Twitter search queries. TwEater supports a variety of backends, from flat files to MySQL databases, and it's easy to plug in your own storage code. TwEater is released unde
A Lita handler to integrate with Capistrano for rails project
Create Vim colorschemes with Ruby
A pyrocms module that adds Facebook page or profile photo albums to your website
libomegle is a little C++ (or python with provided bindings) library for interfacing with the 'Omegle' random-pairing instant messaging service.
CrossListView is android utility with ability to provide cross-off/on on list items with gesture.
some code for avr/atmega microcontrollers
A social news website (YARC - yet another reddit clone)
Rails extension, shows cute notifications in frontend
For a given Parameterized Project, this plugin shows the builds sorted by the parameters used to execute the builds


Kujua Lite is a web based SMS data collection and analytics tool focused on community health care workers in rural environments. We help large health organizations collect and analyze data sent from health care workers using ordinary mobile phones.
Framework for building WSGI apps in which requests and responses are just dictionaries.
Example WINAPI WebKit example
Public Suffix List module for Python
A lightweight Python library that uses Webkit to enable easy scraping of dynamic, Javascript-heavy web pages
Java class file dependency analysis.
1% of what a mature configuration management tool does, written in bash
Python Implementation of the TrueSkill, Glicko and Elo Ranking Algorithms
Aggregate test framework for test iOS and Node.js project
ip2location library bindings for node.js
Tag library with optional Silex REST API
:computer: A school project using Google App Engine and Google Maps. :skull:
unite.vim for SSH source
Takes a POM, a binary JAR, a sources JAR, an optional javadoc JAR, and generates from them a bundle which can be uploaded to Maven Central.
Google closure linter for javascript
Use your own class object to easily load and save configuration settings to App/Web/Custom .config or .xml file.
ROS wrapper for the RVO2 library
Squid report tool: Generate flexible reports for your squid server in realtime. Written in PHP5
Auxiliary plugin of RealtimeRender for transferring files by Secure Copy (SCP).
PHP-based parsing library for aviation METAR weather reports and TAF forecasts.
HyperDB is an advanced database class that supports replication, failover, load balancing, and partitioning.


GnuPG - GNU Privacy Guard - tool for secure communication and data storage
Functions to calculate student growth percentiles and percentile growth projections/trajectories for students using large scale,          longitudinal assessment data.  Functions use quantile regression to estimate the conditional density associated      
Pods engine for RefineryCMS
A script to help cutting releases of your projects in a single step (following some conventions).
Vim Config for C and C++
SOLID PHP & Code Smells - Part 2: Open / Closed Principal
PHP Framework
Notes and scripts for setting up a Ubuntu backup server
Enhanced configuration file related tools for Python
Some scripts for xchat
An Angry Birds-like programmed in Java as a school project
Create an audio sample from a selected song
Composes the various aura v1 packages into v1 framework.
Erlang LSM BTree Storage
Twitter component for Apache Camel
A SimpleDB Administration web-interface
Python script to create CDX index files of WARC data

Mucking around with post-commit hooks in Git, in part to integrate with JIRA
This library hopes to provide a helper class to be used by any Java based reporting tool like Jasper/Pentaho
Foil fencing app to run with an IOIO board
Port of xbill game to JavaScript
Tuned wakaba imageboard script with fastcgi support
Github pages?
Unuk is a project I am working on to show off a few algorithms. Not a lot of effort is made on the gameplay, the five algorithms are where my attention is focussed for this portfolio piece.
Replicating intriguing numerical properties of the Qur'an with easy-to-follow, open source procedures
Convert files between plain text, javascript strings, and document.write() statements
Python scripts for Exploratory Data Analysis of Pacific Biosciences sequence data
Search engine optimization for WordPress/MS and BuddyPress
Projector simulation tools for VVVV
An IBus engine for users of the Cangjie and Quick input methods
Cycle chrome theme and colour schemes with F8
TripleSpec slit-mapping codes.   Based on a python wrapper of astrometry.net
iOS layout toolkit for managing automatic layout of views
Wrapper for asynchronously used Google Maps API in browser.
A Sentry extension which integrates with Phabricator
A source code dump for OneButton FTP, an old OS X FTP client.
Calaos Web App - HTML5 (based on AngularJS) Application for calaos home automation system
Next generation web services toolkit.
Semi-private RTL development upstream of OpenCPI - this is *not* the OpenCPI repo!
Monotone (a version control system) Emacs integration
Clojure implementation of Junidecode
Novabuild is a build system used by Be IP to generate Debian (.deb) packages out of upstream tarballs or repositories and a separate repository of 'debian/' directories.
Various tools for working with SymPy's Google Code issues.
CakePHP2: Deprecated parent controller class that adds a helper _respond() method for ajax requests
Citation, Logging and Multi-Purpose Archive: A bookmarking website engine (think: delicious, pinboard)
a bookmarklet to create passwords easily and securely

A program which allows several people to queue music to a single computer for use on example LAN parties or at the office.
General tools for Neil
The qWikiOffice Web Desktop is an open source project committed to providing an online experience that is unique and user friendly.  Ajax technology combined with the EXT-JS library and cutting edge graphics allow qWikiOffice and the web applications with


Modern, statically typed, duck typed, generic, imperative programming language, inspired by C++, Go, and Scala.
forked from http://redmine.the.re/git/puppet-rsnapshot.git
OWS web app changed from unstructured javascript to Backbone and Underscore JS
Codeigniter 2 class for google analytics api
A PHP library for emitting metrics as JSON

Twitter like NavigationController
A lightweight RESTful router component for PHP 5.3+
Separated groovy template engine for the Play! framework
Core52: Rapid development MVC Framework for PHP - Official Repository
A userscript for Fluid to add dock menus and other features to the new Pandora interface
English To DateTime is a plugin that takes (from an input field) both relative dates or dates formatted like M/D/Y and returns a JS Date object corresponding to that date.
Node.js based todo application.
A Node.js wrapper for libgphoto2
Git is good. Gitter is better.
DO NOT USE. Riakkit. An ORM for Python Riak for RAD. Similar to mongokit and couchdbkit. This is about to be deprecated by kvkit
A C# .NET example using MongoDb to create and display scary dragons! Uses a repository pattern and business layer to access data in the cloud via MongoLab.
Opensource for all used Algorithm, written in C or CPP language. Have fun.
The web backend for pydidit, a todo system flexible enough to fit your style.
A client for the Git Deployer Server
A node.js module for reactive webcrawling
A system to better manage UITableView data source classes, because they can be reusable too! 
notifies android phones from irc private messages
Static website for enfocus hosted through ghpages
SendGrid Node.js helper library

Android Library Project for Multi-Layer Network Connections (Better TLS/SSL and Tor)
node.js tumblr API client (incomplete)
fake 3d asteroids, with python and opengl
Tiny Ruby library to work with Maven's pom.xml files.
hl7 server
Skinny OAuth 1.0 wrapper for Node.js

Main source code for all Line Following Robot projects
Just some SRPMS for Fedora that I made
command-line interface helper utility for ruby
PHP class used to easily make requests to REST APIs
A trivia site useful for playing certain trivia related board games
Adds all required Fedora objects to allow users to ingest and retrieve web archives through the Islandora interface.
php site to monitor alarm events from python-alarm

Codeigniter 2.x easy form creator base on native CI form helper and validation library. Support ajax

This includes a set of documents rewritten in LaTeX to understand the language and to give a better and elegant look to them
A brand new PHP framework which aims to make coding simpler
An android app. A color memory game. 
Timelab is a C API for writing stand alone sound synthesis algorithms. It is intended for deployment on embedded systems, but can run on a computer just fine. The purpose of timelab is to provide a framework for a novel approach to synthesis based on nume
Web app for work
An AI based search engine that indexes concordia.ca
A mocking framework for the Go Programming Language.
A custom home page with a search engine and other helpful widgets.
a smart bmvp framework for you SPA
This version actual has files in it!
A scratchpad for working on making some of the C++11 STL code from gcc 4.9 transaction-safe
the php extension for smaz
Python solution to make lines of text in a file a JavaScript array
A Chrome DevTools theme based on @kkga's Spacegray theme.
A maven plugin for data-driven, template-based code generation
Open source library for SPI/I2C control via FTDI chips
miniKanren with declarative copy term (copyo)
RatLang is an open source programming language that wants to replace your calculator. It strives for the most concise syntax and the most useful language constructs to make writing calculations faster.
WP starter theme
A TeamCity plugin for the Trigger.io command-line build tools
Make any image into ascii art with jQuery on Crossrider as a cross-platform browser extension
Complete (in theory...) documentation for Ractive.js
Adds a menu to the WordPress admin bar that consists of helpful webmaster links.
Monkey patch providing syntactic sugar and spice atop the node-postgres client library
is a form of data analysis that extracts models describing important data classes. Such models, called classifiers, predict categorical (discrete, unordered) class labels.
Test Plugin for WordPress that allows users to add Global Message anywhere on the blog.
A super lightweight visual HSL, RGB and hex color picker with a responsive, touch-friendly and customizable UI. Compatible with jQuery or Zepto.
A PHP client library for the BigOven API
PoC for canopy style testing framework for winforms/win32 etc using System.Windows.Automation
A Mimosa 2.0 module for Coco compiling
A Game Template I developed that is similar to games like Mafia Wars. (Not 100% complete)
Unlimited* cloud storage
Ex8, co-written with Dylan Otto Krider was an open-ended assignment from our Games Programming class using Java and OpenGL
An iOS always-on sound recording app

An iOS component for sighting a point using the camera and compass.
iPenTest (previously a Metasploit iOS POC)
Some tools to check iointegrity
An extension for Brackets that generates the 'base HTML code' much like DreamWeaver does.
Created using Windows Form Application in C#. Program utilizes Color Class to display picture. Common functions are performed, including flip, rotate, invert and resize.
Webplate is an awesome front-end framework that lets you stay focused on building your site or app all the while remaining really easy to use.

Groonga(Rroonga) wrapper for use as the KVS.
Special version of the new Robot Builder (version 0.0.2) that compiles code that uses WPILibExtensions
A program for those who love Doraemon
A Node.js locker for your stuff
Adds functionality to jQuery deferreds that act like normal deferred methods but also can pass along properties on the deferreds when they are piped.  Probably most useful for ensuring your AJAX deferreds keep their XHR methods as you use the deferred cha
Internationalize is a ruby library for transfering your local Rails (-version > 3.0 ) project to an I18n format.  It will automatically extract hard-coded text from your ERB view file, then choose a proper key and replace them with the I18n.translate meth
Bash scripts to verify directory structure, file permissions, or command output.
Various inventory management tools for Minecraft servers running CraftBukkit
built.io supports notifications for iOS and Android. In Android, push notifications are provided by the GCM (Google Cloud Messaging) Service. To setup GCM, follow: http://developer.android.com/google/gcm/gs.html
Name Service Switch Service that uses an HTTP server as a backend.
Access Flickr's API via Jsonp from your browser
Implement text ellipsis effect without CSS(CSS ellipsis only can make one line, but it overcomes limitation) in mobile environment used by jQuery
Github hosted web site
Minimal library for parsing and printing node stacktrace
A tool for extracting and showing some statistical information about software projects; Based on Git, CLOC and git-score.
Scripts and tools for working with GDELT and the Global Knowledge Graph
Loja Virtual com Cake Php
Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in Erlang
Canvas game
A web app and HTTP client for snapchat.
A grunt plugin to compile c# assemblies
Distributed graph storage based on Akka and Scala
A WIP Adminmod for Just Cause 2 Multiplayer
CiviCRM extension with custom searches for De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension for the specific API wrapper De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension De Goede Woning synchronization with First Noa
Puppet module to install Redis.

Gala night web site code
The rebirthed, remade version of the original smbx-install-util who got killed by GitHub's shitty merge funtion. RIP
Website for code projects
Official website the Nutrons FRC Team 125
A chrome extension the organizes downloads by file types
Implemented AWS elastic transcoder service using AWS Java API.
Python Battery Graph
A web server for an online chatroom implementation
[DYSFUNCTIONAL] A cross-platform, 'low-level' library using OpenFL written in Haxe with a focus on features, clarity, and platform optimization.
Django Navigation App (helper for django-sitetree)
high performance image processing library and tools
Schema-Inspector is an JSON API sanitisation and validation module.
Scalable, OctopusDeploy-powered webfarm using Windows Azure Web Roles.
A Donation API made for every day products, but mostly based around Minecraft.
Tips for converting a Spring Boot App JAR to a deploy anywhere WAR with Maven
Android extension for OpenFL for Localytics
Web-based front-end for the sr4.sql database
Python LIFX reverse engineered
Export your database as a Laravel Migration. And export your DB data as a seed file. Finally sync all this with your remote server.
Qt5 port of https://gitorious.org/heebo
A React JSX asset loader for Optimus.
A collection of CSS3 powered hover effects to be applied to links, buttons, logos, SVG, featured images and so on. Easily apply to your own elements, modify or just use for inspiration. Available in CSS, Sass, and LESS.
Convert a folder with images to an ePub file. Great for comics and manga!
Server for HTTP fixtures
A Chrome extension that allows you to add a page as an event on Google Calendar or download a file to save it to Outlook or iCal, acting as a reminder to come back
A college campus safety app to send a user's GPS location to campus police in case of emergencies. Made originally for the Drew Everson Safety Challenge 2013 at Duke University, now available publicly for commercial and non-commercial uses. 
PHP5 MVC Framework
A maze generator in JavaScript
The PHP script that ran the old Raspberry Pi mirror system that lived at downloads.raspberrypi.org
A circular (loading spinner) ProgressBar for Android that let you customize the colors of the loading spinner
Hyde source for http://nolat.org
Top JavaScript MVC Framework Rankings (for the Intridrea Blog)
A chrome extenstion to add list navigation item to top nav in chrome
some pentesting tools (scripts, modules, etc.)
A Yeoman generator for advanced Backbone/Marionette/RequireJS web applications.
Guadalinex v9 meta package with compiled version of firefox 24.2.0
HorizonPE is a totally awesome and open source mod menu for minecraft Pocket Edition. It is under development for now
Hy on Adderall - a miniKanren implementation in Hy
this is front end project of css3 and html 5
GnuCash Python helper script to import transactions from QIF text files into GnuCash's own file format
Elegant Line Graphs for iOS (charting library)
An android tank game.
Copy changed blocks from one file to another
A RequireJS plugin for loading and compiling (with r.js) JavaScript files containing JSX.
Using jQuery to create a set of filters based on 6 Hat thinking and Oblique Strategies
Use yeoman to generate a handlebars helper that can easily be used with Assemble.
Quick Status Bar Menu on OS X that allows you to quickly paste code on @DHowett's ghostbin.com.
Launch and stop HTTP Server before/after each tests
Yield the first async value returned for the co generator library
Console tool written in Ruby to export Google Trends data
Toolkit php scripts
this repository is upgradtion of rails 3 code to rails 4
A JavaScript library for Firefox OS application development, consisting of WAI-ARIA-driven accessible widgets, a lightweight app framework, and convenient utility functions.
Bind all sorts of things to html click events
A responsive theme for Ghost.
Read temperatures from a digitemp output file and insert to a DB
Online tool to calculate "easy" matrix operations for studying, checking, ... 
Filter files by size recursively
2013 Scala workshop and 2014 Scala workshops (maintained by Robert White) at The University of Manchester
A repo to create simplified GeoJSON regions so we can display map-based visualisations without having to load tiles all over the place.
A Docker Cassandra container
The player for Open Audio. 
The player for Open Audio. 
nfo files and rename scripts for Chaos Communication Congress recordings so XBMC can add them as a show
project for an arduino controlled watering pump with a website to view the moisture and controll the watering events
A Free Cross-platform Multi-protocol VPN Software, developed by SoftEther VPN Project at University of Tsukuba, Japan.
A Finacial book android app for lazy people
recreating a server + client with communication over connection and connectionless.

AngularJS module for working with browser local storage
Find all open DNS recursors on your (or other) networks.
a minecraft (craftbukkit) plugin
The newswidget on the homepage of LUNF. Created by @rioforce and @le717
keep vim settings add  shell script
Include a hidden div on your WordPress site using a widget
Udacity CS253 - Web Development
A template for Bash scripts to avoid typing the same code in every script I create
Helper for launching applications while reinstall frequently.
JSON RPC Server for Bridge Buddy - a Bridge Card Game Helper
AP COMPSci Project - Triangle Calculator - Written in Java.
Implementation of Razor templating with OWIN
Quake Plugin Used On Hypixel's Server
Android application for FamilyTracker project
A tool allowing you to serve resources from your local machine as if they came from the external server.
Math games JavaScript implementations
Utility to convert your libs folder to migrate maven or ivy based dependency management system
A middle-level library for interacting with the BitTorrent DHT network. Bring your own transport layer and peer logic.
River of Life Prayer Guide
A moka icon theme for webOS.  Takes all icons from the Moka icon theme for Ubuntu, and some other elements from Ubuntu GNOME.
Source code for the WhoAmI series of posts
The JSON plugin provides a "json" result type that serializes actions into JSON from Java objects

OpenCpu Website
A wrapper for the MySQL driver to use promises, connection pooling and nicer APIs all round
A Feature Rich set of tools to start you of on your new project.
A GPath based implementation to be used in the animation framework on Pebble (SDK2.0+)
Maybe a new engine for FTG
Dockerize the nginx development version
open assessment
RactiveJS-consuming view handler/templater for Node.JS
Convert CSS selectors to XPaths, in JavaScript
extension to fold/build fusion
Just a copy of the ITU-T STL2009 with a working build chain for (l)unix [make]
R Interface to the Open KVK API
A project template for developing games using Node.js, Grunt and javascript libraries.
Rails application for beauty institute with custom content management functionality
Dokuwiki template based on dokutwitterbootstrap from ryanwmoore 
An ack.vim alternative mimics Ctrl-Shift-F on Sublime Text 2
Vim syntax highlighting for pal calendar files.
Quartz listeners that publish events over AMQP. Developed to be used in Clojure projects with Quartzite.
responsive jQuery slider
Data and code for Styron et al. (in prep) manuscript for thermochronological modeling with Pecube, PiCloud and Python.
Common VBA Library:  Contains functions that are missing in the VBA language.  Mainly for use with Excel.
A soap service provider for Silex, based on the ZendSoap component from ZendFramework project.
An Objective-C library enabling easy implementation of feature experiments on iOS allowing users to opt in and out of experiments at will.
A dependency-free Object Schema library for Ruby
An iOS app created using "iOS Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide"

Trade plugin for MC-Server
TrueTime-HSF is an extended version of TrueTime which implements two level hierarchical scheduling. The original TrueTime is developed by department of automatic control at Lund University: http://www3.control.lth.se/truetime/
[Deprecated] Row-based multi-tenancy for SQLAlchemy
jQuery plugin for HTML Microdata
Crack HTML-Logins with Bruteforce
Strava API Tools & Dashboard
A node module that maintains an updated cache of nytimes.com content via newswire
HTML-5 Plugin Wrappers/Hooks
Timesheet and Expense tracking system for the web. Build with Python & Django. Interfaces to Saasu.
Seed project for single page Angular.js applications running on a Node.js/Express server.  Includes tests with jasmine-node on server and karma-jasmine on client.  Sample files can be overwritten or deleted - most exist simply for demonstration of the pro
Jquery website preloader
Build a local copy of a Flickr photoset
generate cluster pxe files from a flat config file
Nights! Nights! Wordpress theme
An iterator-like collection library for doing Bing queries in Scala.

A utility application that automates the bootstrapping of a Django-powered site
Make the iOS 7 lockscreen proper with blurred album artwork!
sqlalchemy dialect adaptor for gevent to work in non-blocking mode
For Powershell Scripts
A textpattern plugin to import tweets into the textpattern article database.
University Projects
helper script to merge dash youtube videos using youtube-dl and MP4Box
I could not find a function for optimizing a function that took a vector input and returned a scalar value in scipy.optimize, so I have attempted to create a class that does this.
KDE4 KIO slave for displaying recent used folders
A JavaScript class implementation
Skookum School App
c code 
Typescript implementation without Visual Studio of http://www.photonstorm.com/phaser/advanced-phaser-and-typescript-projects
Master Redux - Open-Source HTML5/JS remake of Tetra Master (the Final Fantasy IX card game)
Forum/Community about hypermiling written in Python using Django.
Displays logs and Javascript errors in an overlay on top of your site. Useful for mobile webdevelopment. Enabled in 5 seconds
https://kath.io/
Bukkit-Plugin-Stops-SilverFish
Solar System written on HTML/CSS

A Project to make MySQL data backup using Ruby on Rails
Integrated Model Toolkit for analysis of three different models of space-weather research data conducted by Dr. Sergei Maurits @ Arctic Region Supercomputing Center. Interface developed with PHP, JavaScript and AJAX. Database on MySQL.

Slick2D / jBox2D game development.
Work to develop a group settings control workflow for University of Alaska System. The code is incomplete and need be completed. But there are some good examples on interaction with google group settings API.
Iteratively Fund Open Source Projects With Bitcoin
This repository contains scripts that are used by the maintainers of the library. Useful scripts and daemons.
Its a application in C# which helps to download an entire video series from the web given the link of a single video of the series.
A JavaScript based application for University of Alaska Tuition Estimator, with an interface that is built to make the financial decision which part of coming the decision to go to school easy. Compare cost across various study plans and compare it with n
A little web page app showing what to feed ducks.
Final project for ITP 380 - Video Game Programming.
Used to create Lua scripts, which can in turn create an element in The Powder Toy

A work in progress Chrome Extension to show contextual information as a popover when an article hyperlink is hovered over
Wordpress Plugin allowing for up/down or like voting geared to be flexible enough for any use.
onemonthrails project
Open video in a pop-up
A GUI version of uphold-server
Deduplication framework written in Perl

flashenv enables you to play flash games without the need of a browser
A custom knockout 3.0.0 binding for the googleMaps API
Reliable File System (college Operating System course exercise) - low level filesystem tier with fdisk, striping, ...
A script to download images from urls in Elastic Seach index, process and reindex the new url
(Cpp) A homemade regex engine based on e-bnf syntax
R client library for the Adobe Analytics 1.4 API - the API is currently in beta. This package hasn't been extensively tested, so please get in touch with me if you're interested in using it.
I needed to create an AWS marketplace AMI at work, so the instances needed to get their authorized_keys set from the keypair specified to AWS.
General libraries for the D Programming Language
A website and javascript framework to simulate Sorting Algorithms
(CoffeeScript) A map generator for a game called liaison_fatale
Shell script en Bash para subir archivos(mayormente imagenes) a uploadpie.com desde la linea de comandos.
Reusable app to protect access to project under development.

Game with Blocks based on libgdx gradle template
static html page
Minebuilder Mod Script Engine
A set of client applications for issuing measurements to the RIPE Atlas network
AWS EBS Snapshot Backup Tool for Windows

Use octet counting to frame data through a stream
C++ Program implementing complex number arithmetic
Wallmart Text Scraper with navigation support. List the products returned by Wallmart.com for a given search query
Random JavaScript code. Drawn from katas, text, and general experimentation.

random one-off page to calculate arrow spine for archers
A tool for deploying web applications using Docker
Docker Image for running Memcached on CentOS 6
This framework allows FRC teams using C++ to use the scripting language AngelScript on their robot. It relies on the VxWorks port of AngelScript.
Tool for updating the GAC of a server from a client
Smashing Node.js: JavaScript Everywhere By Guillermo Rauch - examples implement
Contains source code for web page templates
A few projects with the most known WebGL APIs.
Back up your Simplenote account to a git repo or gist!
Sina Application Engine Toolkit
A PHP client for the oVirt API
An iPad game.
Rename lots of files from rules
Saved C code
Time tracking module for the atomic company management system.
Slideshow / Carousel with all the images visible and wrap around to create the infinite effect
An advanced template for NodeJS projects.
Implementation of akka-persistence storage plugins for mongodb

systemd socket activation for PHP FastCGI
Social Golf Site
Gigya Magento module

A Cocoa timer class for iOS and OS X offering a choice of behaviors, so you can use the right one.
An app which monitors manifesto PRs, and decides if consensus has been reached
.DS_Store manipulation and creation from node.js
A picturme version made in RoR
multiwii V2.3 use frsky telemetry
LuaJIT2 sources, binaries and build scripts
Random scripts for doing whatever.
All purpose jQuery paralax movement script
Creates a .html file with links to all files in a chosen folder
data analysis scripts
RSS attachment downloader written in Go

Sample storage engine for MySQL
Legacy library hours module from staff site.
Helper plugin for adding member icon/badges next to username for members.
Tiled map engine using Rails, Javascript, and HTML5
The abstraction over all cassandra clients (like Hector and Astyanax)

Go package which allows to bind channel with any IO reader or writer interface.
Users can buy and sell products, similar to ebay.com
An open source system for creating RDF from various source data such as spreadsheets and CSV files.  It is based around use of the Ruby ERB templating system.

JavaScript/HTML5 Canvas based teleprompter
web-pages for fivering

Portfolio Site

BNS Body Classes WordPress Plugin
The popup multibox program I am writing for fun using C#
Development repository for Chef Cookbook for Apple XCode
theppl: the successor of the markov thebeast probabilistic programming platform
Tools in use during the development of the prototype 360 Giving Standard. Now archived. 
program to generate SGF properties from Specification file
Multi-timescale backup driver for duplicity
Subtitles Translation Helper
Used as the basis for OSEHRA Forum
Complementary module for Dolibarr ERP/CRM : resource management
setup http proxy or database(oracle) sms msg table monitor to send/receive sms using telecomunication industry's SGIP/SMPP protocol 
This is the Yammer adapter for hubot that allows you to send a message to him with Yammer and he will happily reply the same way.
Rack Middleware that plugs into r509-ca-http and records the validity status of issued certificates to a Redis database.
A fictional site that I use for code samples
A tool to turn a Greasemonkey user script into a Firefox (XPI) extension.
The configuration backup and restore app allows an administrator to take a snapshot (archive file) of all configuration settings of the system, allowing easy restoration in the event data is lost.
Website powered by Javascript, .NET(Fleck and RavenDB) on server, for doing some crazy democracy

A utility that reminds your android app's users to review the app.  Port of iOS appirater with additional features for Android. 
Action and Parameter permission framework for Rails 4 applicaitons
C language wrapper for RE2 the regular expressions library from Google
The SIPSorcery project is an experiment into the depths of the Session Initiation Protocol (SIP). The project is a combination of the source code available here on GitHub and a hosted service.
SSL and SSH certificates used in development
A collection of specialized monitors for gollector
An analog light control library for arduino
A library of objects and routines which will allow you to interface with i2c serial eeprom devices.
Open data on 4,000+ social media apps from oneforty.com #hubspot-open-source
A LINQPad driver to perform queries againt Azure Table Storage.
gem for rails provides wysiwyg editor and elfinder file manager
An android application which can be used by teachers to take attendance of students , keep track of students , send a message to an absentee etc.,
Google App Engine website monitor based on https://code.google.com/p/cron-tab/
Github pages repo 
delo's github page
Proyecto 3 de Graficas I
HTTP request for Luvit
An implementation of the sliding functionality found in the Path 2.0 or Facebook iOS apps.
Minimalist Linux-Based Operating System

Website Source
The website for the new WhatCounts user interface.
A server for deciding which tracks to play next.
Perl module implementing prime number tools in C++ with the Sieve of Eratosthenes.
A Scala Swing component that wraps javax.swing.JTree
An open-source application built on the Google App Engine
a pArallel Server for Adaptive GeoInformation.

An image gallery application for Django framework
A program which takes a brainfuck program as input, and interprets it.
Modified version of SuSE ftp-proxy
Repository for the Refresh your Development with NuGet presentation.

This module integrates Apache Nutch crawler as alternative search engine in Jahia.
runs stuff in parallel (like GNU parallel, but much faster and memory-efficient)
A HTML5 Canvas rewrite of the open source Project Starfighter game
Noodly Appendage Coin - Open Source Cryptocurrency

OS-level test automation
A copy of the mozilla.org PHP site.
The ALFA Core Rules, and associated tools for building and maintaining them.
Android app that intercepts SMS messages which match a user-defined RegEx and then goes nuts
Sample application showing sketching & collaboration using HTML5 canvas and short-interval data poll.
Custom Event/Messaging system for JavaScript re-packaged for Meteor
Perl Module to Analyze Text Databases


Safari Extension extracting information from a Mantis issue and adds it to a GitHub issue
Functions to calculate student growth percentiles and percentile growth projections/trajectories for students using large scale, longitudinal assessment data.  Functions use quantile regression to estimate the conditional density associated with each stud
Seth Ladd's excellent box2d intro migrated to a modular structure with requirejs.
[WIP current state : waiting for PhantomJS bugfix] Screenshot Webservice is an open-source REST web service to perform web page screenshots.
Clase para utilizar la pasarela de pagos redsys, sermepa.
Using onwire sensors, a prepay 3g card, two linux machine (client, server), I want to monitor temperature, humidity, etc.

Navigate the web via your gamepad
Little ruby gem for parsing release text files from Diamond Comics
A mailSender component
C++ implementation of Dirichlet Process Bayesian Clustering
A Yii ActiveRecord behavior to keep a backup of the loaded values for an ActiveRecord instance
Multiplayer, Leap Motion controlled, Dart game running in the browser
Zend Framework 1 File Transfer package
Zend Framework 1 Json package
Zend Framework 1 Markup package
Zend Framework 1 Wildfire package
Zend Framework 1 Service Twitter package
Zend Framework 1 Service Technorati package
Zend Framework 1 Tool package
Zend Framework 1 Controller package
An Etherpad Lite client for Java
ZOMG Memes! Realtime! Node.js! Kittehs! memecached is a community meme generator website/app written with Node.js. Meme publishing and consumption is realtime thanks to Now.js.
