A simple vim bundle for working with gyp files.
Allows users to read Nicolet (.e) files in Matlab
Some exercise and sample
Basic structure for a REST client using the Silex microframework to consume the sample https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestServer  For documentation review please go to https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestClient/wiki

practice
Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/mfc_canonical/. Updated daily with svn2git.
This is a fork of Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) from http://www.nrl.navy.mil/itd/ncs/products/core  A description from the project page: "The Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) is a tool for emulating networks on one or more machines. You can con
A very simple Rails 3 sample app using my fork of the Paths of Glory achievement system gem.
Pietro's Blog

My current vim setup (.vimrc, .gvimrc and .vim directory)
Test repo for testing gerrit replication

Self contained self hosting Nancy demo
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
The project consists in an Android application that can be used by employees in a restaurant to handle the clients, their orders and can help them easily find free tables or place orders. This is only a demo application, created mainly for proof of proper
My personal config files.
collection of resources related to design and user experience
Script to convert Logs from Amazon S3 to CLF
A port of my hlbsp project (rendering BSP v30 files from Halflife and it's mods (expecially CS 1.6)) to JS and WebGL (It's currently a project for school)

A collection of practice exams for exams in core curriculum CS courses at RIT.
Clans/Teams Plugin for Minecraft Bukkit Servers, NOTE: This project has now been split into 2 projects, TeamCraft(basic team structures and commands) https://github.com/Satrosity/TeamCraft and KingdomCraft (addon to TeamCraft, will have area commands, sco
[deprecated] can be replace with v2 of i18next
\N

A collection of Python scripts to create and manipulate multiple Reddit accounts.
Documentation of the Guild Wars 2 Archive file (gw2.dat)
My dotfiles
My solutions to Project Euler questions
Simple, tree-structured configuration file parser
Documentation bundled with KISS IDE
A collection of a bunch of my .files
GNOME 3 extension to create a new application instance with the wheel button.
These are my dotfiles. There are many like it, but this one is mine.
NOTE: maya2renderer is moved to https://github.com/maya2renderer/maya2renderer
Example of a scalable robotframework test suite, following the example at http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/tools-and-tips/get-test-infected-with-selenium-2/ but using RobotFramework
A cookbook that provide recipes to set printers to node
HomeWork from sg HPC
Outlet is a simple Lisp-like programming language
my presentations as html slides
A small javascript bookmarklet to replace video.xin.msn.com's Flash Player with the HTML5 <video /> tag
SortAlgorithms java
My VIM configuration & plugins
Small helper script for exporting MySQL databases.
An example showing how to send, receive and play audio data via websockets
USE THE UPSTREAM GIT REPO INSTEAD http://root.cern.ch/git/root.git or here https://github.com/root-mirror/root. Mirror of CERN's ROOT svn repository, updates are run hourly. master branch is svn trunk. Branch branches/dev is suppossed to be a set of branc
Fork of pyftpdlib that adds unicode support to the py2.x branch
Simple ToDo Application using Google App Engine
my vim config files

An experimental repo for a web based interactive Dart tutorial.
Some OBD code for Python. Old and crappy, but putting it here in case I need it again.
A basic "facebook-like" standalone wall (posts, comments, like/unlike) with php/pdo/ldap, html, css and javascript/jquery
Todoist.com backup
My attempts at solving Project Euler problems
On-the-fly documentation
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror




Simple Dependency Injection framework for Ruby


happy new year
Kind of unit tests and experiments to get used with sensors.

ecommerce site to learn php

My notes on learning PHP in Chinese.

Personal website / blog / notes.



Erlang learning

collection of scripts, etc that I cart around to different machines
screme binaries for iOS/OSX





My personal tech blog


Assorted code from projects from UPenn MEAM 410/510 course
Old repo for my personal portfolio site. No longer updated.
First repository
Personal website
The code for my personal website- www.vineetk.com
a simple to-do-list using jquery
Simple JS, HTML, CSS, PHP and mySQL
A simple Library Managment System developed by using Java. Adding / managing book entries, add / managing members etc. has been done by connecting to a SQL database.


Computer Networks Course Projects



Developing Android App
Personal Site for Matt Gerstman
Random exercises whilst learning Haskell

Just another repository
Let's develop Unity 3D games in Ruby!
I wrote my resume in LaTeX based on the one by Alessandro Plasmati <https://www.sharelatex.com/templates/cv-or-resume/professional-cv>.


my first github repository
Swift Conventions and Style Guide
Core library that is used by my other mods
Misc. collection of c++ programs illustrating the capabilities of the language.
Just a job board website.
A simple python script that will update your twitter account with Bitcoin, Litecoin or any other Altcoin price.
a small game using pygame

PHP projects
Example of using System.js

This is a project created to make web development more simple, I think there are a lot of duplication in web development. If we can abstract the common part as module and next time with some providing configuration file like(XML, YAML etc), we can generat
A simple wrapper for localconfig that allows for reading config from a remote server
A zelda clone in c# console.
Demo Wordpress 

An open gl test project
Exercises from Khan Academy lectures


A repo where I learn, play and experiment new things. Currently: Git and Jasmine and MarionetteJS.
CO318 network programming 2 course 1st group project ( With Kanchana Gamage )
Generate Wiki pages in Confluence following provided page structure

My github site

Example Android application for accessing RPC and Portals APIs
The classical todo example in various frameworks, basically for learning and demo purpose.
Practicing Haskell implementation of Kaleidoscope LLVM tutorial

/* I decided to start this new year, playing with Java. I will use this class later for a clock component */
My first time learning Git and GitHub with Kendrick

linux thread learning and practice project

My Resume/Portfolio
a repository
some exercises from .js roadtrip on Code School

Simple Payroll system implemented using Ruby on Rails

Just my dotfiles
Too young. Too simple. Sometimes naive. A SQL DBMS as a course project.

Learning Angular JS



A very simple Java program that allows you to find the IP address of the computer that you are using.
Just for testing Git
Tutorial for Django List



A small Java program that enables you to open a window on your default browser.



A base starting framework for most projects


A basic implementation of common pathfinding algorithms



CO318 network programming 2 course 2nd group project ( with Kanchana Gamage )

development work 
A collection of Utils that i use in my plugins





just for testing

A small python/flask baised "search answers" project to explore indexing, parsing, retieving open data
Like Google Cal
sample repo
Puppet manifest for setting up new machines
This class can be used to check the validaty of Swedish Person number.
A simple image processing software which needs to be improved
A short story about a cyclist who used military technology to improve his cycling career.
This is a sacred incantation to the programming gods

For Javascript Test
Image processing on AVA database. Creating some new colour features, colour descriptors.

Basic game
Project name: Hospital_help Project description in detail:     Schedule of today's events that can be printed     Details of events to help motivate the patient     Ability to create and edit events     Encouraging pictures and videos when patient follows

Basic Space Invaders clone written in Love2D 

My MEP602 numerical assignment solution in D
Gives a new word everyday. For people who want to increase their vocabulary.
Working example of jakewharton's dagger+butterknife demo app

Sample Repository created to learn Git
Java source following The Cherno's Game Programming tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFYT7Lqt1h8&list=PLlrATfBNZ98eOOCk2fOFg7Qg5yoQfFAdf




Simulated computer from Dietel's "C How to Program"


test asp net
Learning to crate a repository in github
learn how to clone a repository form remote repository



AdKiT Basic Version for web development

contains sample files
Test project to show the problem described in http://stackoverflow.com/questions/27721621/java-lang-verifyerror-with-mockito-1-10-17

git test for Ubuntu 14.04
A very simple Vagrant box for Rails development
Demo Drawer Menu Material Design

my first foray into git. I'm gitty. *rimshot*
A simple repository to play with git and update how to manage things better.
Ghost Theme

Some code to start learning new functionality in Java 8
happy school days






First repository based on tutorial guide
Netwrok Course Lab1
Simple Hangman Game (Used for Training Courses)
This was the course I had taken in MSBA Program (UT Austin) to learn the basics of Text Processing

A collection of my programming projects - 



To help small and medium sized supermarket  make purchasing plan, warehouse goods, sale  goods, new staff, analyse profit and loss, etc.
Fork from https://github.com/rstacruz/nprogress.git
A small python script that controls a DSLR to take up to 31 pictures for HDR processing
my dotfiles


base data struct and algorighms api
Deal Website

practice and learn the Django python web framework
Awesome Space Storage Inventory Management
Move your body is a kinect game when kinect sdk haven't appeared and used openni
Virtual machining considering dimensional, geometrical and tool deflection errors in three-axis CNC milling machines, Journal of Manufacturing Systems, 33(4):498-507, 2014

Octopress source for my blog.  Blog sources in separate branch.
This is my blog resource
Some Python scripts I wrote to learn Python.
Blog Repo.
Simple server & client applications in Ruby.
Simple REST Client using Apache HTTP
This is a parent project as a library. It's a summary of my Android development experience. It concludes lots of tool classes, such as some classes about SharedPreference, IO, Download, Network and so on. Of course, some custom widgets, like RoundedImageV




A writtenMorse and normal morse code converter.
Mine repository for work and tasks


MITx course on Computational Thinking and Data Science

Example of RestKit use from ReyWenderlich web site.
Simple todo list.


test
A collection of Docker base images

A short Python script to create a template LaTeX, Bibtex and Make file for my university work.



The Ambta MVCEngine is an engine that lets developers build Model, View, Control applications in PHP. The engine is compact and only provides the basic rendering. It is scalable, flexible and easy to use.
Example of overloading QDebug
The VDBA documentation.
Just some stuff
Example gulp project
Small tweaks in Wordpress as mu-plugins
R-programming materials and assignments from the coursera data science specialization
this is a test 
first git repor test


This is my First repository made for experimental purposes only
PHP MessDetector ruleset for Magento 1.X
My testing repository
Android learning project, trying to create example catalog
Uyghur Language Processing Guide for Developers

Reddit clone in ruby. WIP



Basic animation of background images when scrolling vertically down a page
bugherd like system
docker repo
My first steps with fully isomorphic SPA app in React.


Target for 2015

Implementation of simple UNIX shell.
solr config
Rails Demo App on ETSY During Training


The .gitignore file we use for our Android projects created with Android Studio.

A first try to a HTML helper for simple tables
Simple wrapper for the jayson library to make rpc calls to the Bitshares client
simple python script to get a list of jobs and their status and store in sqlite database
Just another repository
Learning C and OpenGL
Random page for random python stuff
a school project
An amateur game for my first repository on GitHub

A collection of algorithms and functions written for PHP
Learning to work with Rails engines. An engine made out of the inbox functionality in the MailServer Project.

Github Tutorial

testing fuelphp


Nodabba Source 
For learning KUE
my first puppet test

flask demo
This is a small webproject i wrote as a support tool for the cthulhu scenario 'Under high pressure'

Hey my first repository! I finally understood what repository means ;P
noInfoPath core module




Notes about learning ROS (Robot Operating System)


check how things work in github
This is a aliots demo
Custom program in Go lang
noInfoPath layout module

This is my first GIT repo as I try to get more into version control
Game where you can build your ship down to small details.
My first repository on GitHub
testing jenkins is really working
This is a repo to test out project specific web pages through a git repo
Java Examples

A small 10 mintue text adventure crafted in python
The Learn Rails tutorial

Simple JAX-WS and Spring4 integration example with Maven
my first repository
Course work for NNIIT

A quick start code & guide for using Spring Boot and build a simple REST API from ground up in few minutes
A small program for our stap project.
Via a sensor,you can test how fast your heat beats,then this app can analyse if you are going to be angry.If you are,there will be a worning.
test sample of pluralsight intro to node.js






Assignments for Coursera's Cryptography I course by Dan Boneh



photo's organizer and backup
Knowledge sharing. Felix OSGi. Tutorial
First game created using Unity


Website Repo
Second project in C++11
2015 Kidozen demo of a vendors CRM application

An example of 2D polygon based projection mapping. This is an interactive program in which the user creates a series of polygons which are then animated.
Ansible dev vm build for my projects

Angular Phonecat tutorial on Rupert.

Copy of PHP-SRC updated with a fix for read/write timeouts on openssl extension. Branches exist for the latest stable release of 5.5.20 and 5.6.4   I can add additional branches if requested. NOTE: These changes have been merged into the current 5.5, 5.6,
clone from oreilly jenkins book
A simple catchy layout for your online resume
AngularJS Testing Application
A Project for learning Programming in any language and script, your mothertongue.

a simple application which improves the process of learning e.g. words or dates by heart
Working directory of  Physics bachelor students of the University of  Amsterdam following an Astronomy-Astrophysics workshop
My Blog
This project contains some of the algorithms and protocols of the book "Understanding Cryptography", authors Christof Paar and Jan Pelzl. This is also a part from the course Cryptography at the Faculty of Computer Science and Engineering (FCSE) in Skopje,

This is a repo of my engineer's thesis. All rights belong to Lodz University of Technology. 

this is my first repo.

Just to see how this all works



backup timeline


For learning github
This repository contains a java program which read pdf file with tesseract ocr and add the recognized text to the pdf in order to get a searchable pdf file.
Contains some Web IDL files of scraped specifications.


Fork of JMDodd's Unified Comment Notifications
Following the Angular/Satellizer/Node/Mongo tutorial on hackhands: https://hackhands.com/building-instagram-clone-angularjs-satellizer-nodejs-mongodb/
TinyXML fork


Learning PHP w/ treehouse tutorial - integrates Paypal shopping cart (CSS and images not mine)

A simple ssh "server" that simply logs failed login attempts
First repository i create
Ejemplos Rails


guest for test
Create simple node-webkit desktop applications without hassle. It isn't intented to replace big user interface frameworks but to make easier and quicker the creation process of small consistent cross-platform apps.
Here's a simple way to create desktop apps using node webkit

My ctf games

An implementation of Jingle, the XMPP p2p and multimedia protocol, built on top of WebRTC, originally hosted at https://code.google.com/p/libjingle/ and https://code.google.com/p/webrtc/. 
A (basic) Polymer based arc layout web-component.
thory practice
 Configurations of various applications (e.g. nginx, memcached, W3TC, etc.) on small vps server powering my wordpress site..
Commercial Development in South Shore
Compilation of school programming projects from 2014 onwards
Basic PHP Template For Iron Worker
whyyyy is learning git so hard lol
a simple extendible text-editor that is open-source under the GPL2 licence



The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
A basic Grunt file which can be modified for any project
A small guide to help those looking to hire a developer or designer for iOS work. While tailored for iOS, many questions could be used for Android developers or designers as well. A great self-test if you're looking to keep current or practice for your ow
Docker files for my blog on VPS

this is the first time using github
Testing
One Month Rails Pinteresting Tutorial Code


Strip unmatched fields from an object based on a schema object


tinyxpath fork
Just some WebRTC tests.
Simple PHP function which checks the price of given SMS number.
Various configurations. Some need exposure to the internet for validation
This is for testing purpose
test

Little repository to play with Git
This is my first GitHub repository.
Bunch of ruby utility scripts
The personal website of Thom Krillis a.k.a. Bobby Yankou
My home page
exercise project #1 for iOS7 course

"Iteadstudio" Duel Relay & Mosfet Shield,Comes with a pretty useless library for checking each parts functionality,here is a slightly better one I wrote.(turns on and off each relay and mosfet with delays)

i havent seen these movies but review them anyways
My Apigee 127 sample with Usergrid (mBaaS) API

setting vpn and secure mail
It'll include test about Android development
One Bookmarklet to rule them all
Java port of an old Amiga Basic program I typed in back in the 80's

Thiis Repository has useless codes.It's just a uni. project.
puppet open >3.7
Test repository

Landing page for Ben Brandt's Github Profile
A Git Test
Web page for STT 2810
test node project
karma clone
Basic API wrapper for Google Analytics.
projects for this class
My personal webpage.



Personal productivity tracker
All the mini projects finished during the course "Data Communication And Networks" (Spring 2013)
Markdown4j-gwt demo

For Practice
With inspiration from the widely used replay analysis tool, Sc2gears comes CSGOgears for detailed CS:GO replay analysis.
Yeoman repo for some of my c# templates

Android ListView app example w/ section headers and random count of subitems in sections
This is the code I used to make my avatar. 
A simple digital clock made with HTML, CSS and JS.
Machine Learning Explorations - A list of machine learning resources


just a repository
It's my personal portfolio site for GitHub
Private testing repository.
FRC 2015 robototes robot code.

Just a global instance for Node.js EventEmitter

Learning


first ruby app
testing out the GitHub pages https://phlorianakos.github.io/hello_world
Test project as an introduction to C++ STL

SASS Framework from tutsplus course
This package is deprecated in favor of https://github.com/astronomerio/meteor-astronomer

DEPRECATED! USE MDCSS INSTEAD! PHP Styleguide.

Testing with My First Repo

Generates sample projects from a Github repository with some added user configuration
Manage personal projects and breathe life into them by dedicating your time.
Simple 3.3V power source for Raspberry Pi pheripherials. Power source can be switched on/off using one of Raspberry Pi GPIOs
Material to be distributed for AMath 574, Winter Quarter 2015 at the University of Washington


This simple JS Module previews the uploaded images, before the actual upload of files
Dot files!
Repository for my personal docker containers.





A curated list of awesome Deep Learning projects tutorials and communities.
Learning the basics of C




Source code for html

Projet de stage 2014-2015 (Node.js)
Notes and testing from Udacity's How to Use Git and GitHub class
Jackrabbit 2.9 with PostgreSQL example project
emacs 23 config
The Odin Project: Javascript/JQuery
A simple extension to display status of document
A Auth-Server run on Heroku


Just a rep-rap-fap test
practice stuff

Swing Application to manage books which is dedicated to my father.

Basic project template for GAE webapp2 projects
A Team Fortress 2 territory control map.


Node.js server for REST api to control my home automation project
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

Code + Tutorials on computer science related topics. Hobby while in school studying CS, but may be informative to some...
A basic repository for playing with git
Tracks UI navigation state for both button- and pointer-based devices.
Code Samples from Select Courses
Database System Projects for Spring 2013 at University at Buffalo

Just another repository
George Mason Speaker's Page
Tidy datasets created from the Government of Canada's Open Data portal.

Just a website showcasing my work and examples
data visualization & representation, fordham college at lincoln center, fall 2015.

No-Frills From-Scratch Software Building for people who just want to make software with what they have available.
A very simple script that adds CR to hunks in a diff, so it can be applied using patch to files with CRLF line terminators 


My Octopress blog
https://github.com/samratashok/nishang
This demonstrates how you can use the Adapter pattern to have 2 or more different interfaces communicate with each other.
Team 1793 Robot Source Code for 2015 FRC Competition

Simple todo app made with angular on local storage.
exrabbit usage example
Create a list of Software Engineering topics so that I can divide them among the 4 SE courses that we teach in our Software Development concentration.
A very small and quick jQuery Demo for learning purposes. 

The AI That Learns From You. (Early Development)
Repo for Calvin College 2015 Interim course "Learning from Data"
Practice code in java and javascript

This project simply holds the library files needed during the semester.
A simple twitter app which inculdes the feature of following/follow, tweets 

A catalog of the books available in the unofficial library at my university that I started.
Clone of the C++ bank app in C#
Winter 2015 session of ART341 at Portland State University
Just one small thing that I want to save from hit.bg. 



This is a test repository.
ultra-simple script to update Hombrew(apt-get for OS X)
Friendly fork of the GeneralUser GS soundfont. (FluidSynth version)
this is a test repo
Sample demonstrating how to expose and simple consumption of events on a C# interface.
My personal boilerplate for FrontEnd Development

Operating Systems Projects 
Off-season testing was done on one of our spare drivetrains from the 2014 season. New classes to generate polynomials and bezier curves for the robot to follow were created. Testing of the Command Based Template worked out well. We will switch to that for
A simple shell script for managing your forgettinGTD structure. For details see https://github.com/forget-it/forgettinGTD-cli/wiki
CS 271 Program files Fall 2013 OSU
Version Control
just messing around for learning purposes


A (very) small erlang module for interacting with couchdbs rest api.
A Gulp/LESS toolchain for Skeleton: A Dead Simple, Responsive Boilerplate for Mobile-Friendly Development
A classic demo to test your installation of JOGL
A small, simple and fast log shipper.
AutoHotkey libraries for my projects



Script interpreter to small ETL tasks
my personal website
Rust tutorial guessing game.


Repository for R-Programing Class
some python i did
A collection of scripts used for a project.
A collection of sample projects using Spring Boot and Other Goodies 
My first repository on GitHub
Basic HTML using PHP test for Heroku
Programming practice
Just a testing repo.
New to this community, I hope to explore the vast world of programming
Slides of my previous talks
Basic tax calculating app.


I think this is required to make my public page.


Collection of personal config scripts for development



Used to learn IOS programming
A small python app that renders multiple blender files.
Learn ruby the hard way tutorials
Interesting Code samples in node.js
BYU ECEn 360 Electromagnetics - Winter 2015

frontend-nanodegree-resume

Simple API Wrapper in Erlang based on tutorial: http://vimeo.com/59832641
Common R packages I like







Open Web Testing Project
BlackJack Game as final project in Intro to Ruby, Lesson 1
Doing the How to use a content provider Udacity class: https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud258/
New Year Game Jam
A simple historical stock price plotter made with matplotlib library in Python. Can be run from command line.
HTML & CSS class page.

FRC Team 4911's code from the 2014 game Aerial Assist - Go to CompetitonRobot/src/org/usfirst/frc4911/CompetitionRobot for .java files
My Little Resume
My personal website

Personal Website
My personal config for the Friendly Interactive Shell

Collection of configuration files git controlled for quick setup and propagation
Code base for relik online. Purpose is to learn playmaker code integtation
A list of mantras of technology companies
learning using GitHub.
This is a pretty simple application to scrape google search results and put the result titles in a DataGridView. It also allows saving in Excel

A small Node.js script that finds product ingedients
Connect Four game written with partner during ICS 32 at UC Irvine/Simple Networking in Python
My implementation of the classic battleship.
Jay's first repository
first repository on GitHub


My first attempt at Rock-paper-scissors with Python
Simple header-only .ini parser written in C++
hella simple todo app built with angular + firebase
Challenging but I am just regular in JS.
Simple engine for creating plugin-driven applications
This is a simple game I created using JavaScript to test the reaction time of clicking on a shape after it appears on the screen.

A copy of all posts that go on to the site (and drafts).


This is my code when i'm on university. I built it to learning Java.

This sample shows you how to add a DebugSettings flyout into the SettingsPane when running under DEBUG in order to clear application data (local, roaming, temporary, local cache, local settings and roamign setting).
a simple example app that shows the ember-cli-simple-store addon in action
Swift Gamecenter Tutorial
practice problems for clojure
iOS8 Swift project for class
Sample FreeBSD kernel module: hello world
Program for finding palindromes in a specified range in a specified positional numeral system by the radix (from 2 to 36).It was a school homework, done at night Jan 2-3, 2015.
Postgresql vagrant configuration for hot standby, backup and cloning
git in practice
A fake project that's part of the Git Essential course at Tuts+ Premium
Play 2 Java Tutorial
Documentation site and example code for using the TwitterOAuth library.
2015 FRC robot code for team 2412, the Robototes.
My First ASP.NET MVC5 Study Proejct 
Android Flickr Browser from the Udemy course

Udacity Git Course

Github mirror of MediaWiki extension SemanticForms - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)

 Learning WebGL Lesson 3 converted from vanilla WebGL to use stack.gl.

A simple GameBoy / GameBoy Color SDL emulator written as an exercise.
Playing around with React and Material Design
A simple recreation of the iOS toggle switch using CSS
 :school: NMCT BA Project
Project to learn Ruby on Rails 4. (2) Blog Web App. Original code made by @mackenziechild.
A simple code base to teach myself some c++14, sdl2, cmake, and emscripten
Practice repository for Udacity course 'How to Use Git and GitHub'
code of my portfolio site http://dominikschreiber.com
An app to help with textbook and resource access for my math class

Browser-based Breakout clone with fast 3d graphics and a unique design
mirror of the official releases
A new codebase for my personal site.
Demonstration of null object pattern for presentation
Simple app do display accumulated data from your last 28 days registered in Strava
2015 FIRST Robotics Robot Code. 
Dead Simple Prototyping Framework for Java
Version UTF-8 de fab

My first project
\N


Translation project and CodeCharge Studio IDE.
My entry for the UTGDDC GMD 2015
Formal executable specification for the Rip programming language
A basic functionality clone of instagram that I made during an iOS course I took. Uses parse backend and implements user registration, user authentication, and queries. Includes follower system and user feed system implementation. Also has pop-up alerts, 
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A free software educational application for training elementary school students into basic arithmetic operations
Simple game of Connect Four in javascript using the Canvas API.
my thor scripts
Data::Peek - A collection of low-level perl5 debug functions
Oxwall plugin, this plugin powers up basic Oxwall video plugin with useful tweaks
Copy of wkhtmltopdf-amd64 binary

E-Resort  test project 
Ban a player from the server when they die
My first foray into C++ programming
A 3D media timeline using web gl, more of a learning exercise for me.

UpAndRunning is a lightweight Node.js application which monitors all of your websites for availability and offers a simple JSON-API.
A mirror of the openssd project
Git clone of DeSmuME hosted on SourceForge. Given that no change has been made there since 2015-03-18 this should be up-to-date, but I can't guarantee it :)

Authentication demo for Android clients
Password module used in the auth-client-demo
Authentication library used in the auth-client-demo
Written in Prolog :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye: Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/poddavki
Simple library to correct upcase in greek
\N
First test project on github :)
\N
NetHack 4 is an open, community-maintained version of the classic roguelike game NetHack.  This is my working repo for contributing to it.  (If you are looking for the official NH4 repository, see nethack4.org.)
Spring Security and Angular JS:: A tutorial on how to use Spring Security with a single page application with various backend architectures, ranging from a simple single server to an API gateway with OAuth2 authentication.
a university course evaluation system written in Python using Django
We are MOVING to a new repo at https://github.com/octothemes/classic-dark
a personal project
Experiments in node.js by writing a simple scraper. 
my vimrc config and vim folder
simple socket library for apple swift lang.
A set of experimentation scripts for the WISEBED experiment facilities
some of my AVR projects
A Java helper library I developed to help me in my various personal projects.
some config files in my home directory, like as ".gitconfig", ".bashrc", ".vimrc", etc.
A very small danbooru style image gallery.
\N

\N
Simple web problem that reads RSS feeds and combines them into one RSS feed. Also supports simple HTML rendering of the generated RSS feed.
DEPRECATED: See scireum/sirius
\N
A fork of 'Basecamp theme' comes from redmine's alternative theme. (sigh)
learning to code a drupal module


mirror of git://git.p.engu.in/laurentb/brutha
\N

Auto-generated sphinix version of the NetworkX website. Since this is an auto-generated directory, please do not submit pull requests against this repository. The actual sources are in the networkx-website repository.
A free wunderlist clone
my own version of the zenburn theme for emacs
This is my fork, Quark is now at https://github.com/rackerlabs/quark
Small and robust polyfill for the HTML5 placeholder attribut. 
Simple command line tool to log work hours using MongoDB
Image Picker is a simple jQuery plugin that transforms a select element into a more user friendly graphical interface.
collection of small scripts or how-tos that don't fall under a separate project
The backup repository for the Lootsie Website
Fork of the Fung Institute up-to-date version of the Fleming disambiguation engine

A simple coffee/spine skeleton for Brunch (http://brunch.io/).
A simple implementation of gradient descent in c++
A simple color manipulation javascript library.
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/droidwall
DEPRECATED Transparency Camp by Sunlight Foundation XXX
A simple async template language similair to dustjs and mustache (ported from c9/kernel)
Bundle for the Doctrine OXM project (deprecated) - use https://github.com/doctrine/DoctrineOXMBundle

Mako based template preproccessor to produce html5boilerplate compliant templates, also includes some small asset management functionality.
Deprecated: look at sharadmv/quizbowl
Testes com CSS3 para simular no browser algo parecido com o app Flipboard
Configuration files for tools I use (e.g. vim).
A demo Facebook connect application using the MultiPass library made w/ the Silex micro-framework.
simple and light-weight XMPP Instant Messaging server implementation
Contains Verify - fast and extensible class for simple method arguments asserts. Example: Verify.Args(new { param1, param2 }).NotNull()
A grails (grails.org) based demo agent for the PowerTAC competiton.
Use Sina Weibo API demo

[DEPRECATED] Fun, fast, secure web development on top of Clojure/Ring
Install scripts for kids ruby

an small particle system realized in javascript, with an small demo 
damn simple config file parser for python
Copy of @thomasdavis / backbonetutorials / modular-backbone-updated example with Twitter's bootstrap
a simple jquery tooltip plugin
simple notepad for python using pyqt - for educational purposes only :)
An example of how to integrate a blog with a Rails 3 site using the native RSS module. 
A simple little plugin to add the 'view' data binding to knockout
MIUI v4 Russian Translation
mirror github / launchpad projects
Puppet module to install realmd in a workstation, and add it to a domain

MOVED TO https://bitbucket.org/acoustid/musicbrainz-acoustid
(Deprecated) ElggCollection API
A small Wordpress Gallery
Simple distributed fault-tolerant file system
These are some of the set up scripts for my OpenERP cloud
A couple of simple helper classes to help in writing RESTful PHP Libraries.
Swedish translation for the upcoming 2.2 release of Processwire with multi-language support.
Account Control Panel (fork)
microDuke is a simple, standalone, multi-threaded, small web server written in Java.
Database School Project
test
create a static HTML copy of a tumblr blog
A fork (from sourceforge svn) of Batuhan Bozkurt's patching interface for SuperCollider
Git settings - dotfiles
Small TCP benchmarking tool in Go-lang
Example Code for Volume Rendering Tutorial
This example codes show you how to add 'do not backup' attribute to your files and directory.
A simple Ruby script to backup the entirety of a GitHub project to a local folder.

Collection of python scripts to update confluence via the CLI.
Computer Science Testing System written for the University of Winnipeg
Yesod Web Framework book
First application with decac langague

Add process management to `list-processes'
A small command-line python script that creates a local backup of your Flickr data.  It mirrors images, titles, description, tags, albums and collections.
My ad-hoc ruby, awk and shell scripts 
Simple sample of building REST api with JAVA
My .vim
A lightweight, simple to use camera system for your CoronaSDK project.

A MultiWorld/MultiCurrency economy plugin for Craftbukkit * DEPRECATED. Go in http://github.com/greatman/Craftconomy3 *

my dotfiles
Some environment stuff: vim settings, bash settings, git settings etc
Square-Beam-KDE icon theme for linux distribution with more than 30.000 icons included

Simple Graphical Java tool to start Rackspace Next Gen / OpenStack Cloud Servers in Shutoff state
Small dropin library to translate utf8-strings into offsets in glyph-table.
Some prime extensions I use
My personal website including my blog and project built in Django
Dotfiles
incubator of new projects, some concept proves and tests
MO JS tutorial
All the standard dotfiles I use

for test
Sample repo for testing our options
Testing Git commands

Georgian TV and Radio streams on your Android
A blog dedicated to teaching designers how to write quality JavaScript based on jQuery examples.
Simple MailChimp Integration for SilverStripe
\N
github pages for anvil
"Clone" of the RPG Maker XP Tileset Flag Interface
set up of my emacs


web page about the author
some sources :-)
Simple php site base template.
Scripts both written by myself and stolen from others. In 'dev' branch, lots of scripts are directly from others without any modification by me. I include them just for my convenience.

repo for my dotfiles synchronization

[DEPRECATED] A simple Android background service that keeps your GPS online for some specified amount of time.

GUI Samples with JSF, Richfaces, JQuery, CSS3, etc.
ps3 game translation team
Info about me and links to my projects

User settings backup
A simple HTML boilerplate for Leaflet + OSM web maps
dot files
A readme file with ideas for future projects to help me learn.
Linux dotfiles. 
This is a `git svn` mirror of the now dead Eternity SVN repository.  For more active development, please see team-eternity/eternity.
A completely barebones theme for Cotonti Siena to provide you something to build on!
Config files for a riced up Arch setup.
This is a code storage of ATF tools learning group.
(NOT STARTED) Yet Another (probably) Album art fetching tool
The Logger is a simple program that I created for logging activity throughout the day in a simple text file.
Modified version of Zend. In the future, this repo should go away and be a fork of Zend.
Personal Homepage
Blog
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Personal dwm
Vim configuration
A fork of compiler-rt supporting AVR and compatible with Rust
My PowerShell environment
various configuration files that are used day-to-day bettering the throughput
My first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial

Simple backup utility
My first ruby on rails app!
Simple implementation of the memory filesystem for the Java 7 NIO Filesystem API
Easy online photo backup and albums.

Jonathan Rascher's resume
A simple directory which contains all of my own snippets
Intro to jQuery presentation
puppet test
An old-school sample HTML text generator
Test project
Personal web site
Github page
My *nix Dot Files
A copy of my bash profile for anyone who cares to take a look
python library to manage small sets of vm
Simple script that allows you to put a limit on the number of words in a textarea field
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application
Git managed home directory and file teleportation. "There's no place like /home."
First Test
Impulse is a small, dynamic object-oriented language that aims to have simple syntax and semantics. It also aims to be lightweight, reflective and open, and easily embeddable.
mirror of my personal haskell configuration, managed using vcsh and mr
my music studio config files

Small collection of code samples to implement functionality in different languages
Html Guide for the "Chaos macht Schule"-Project in DD, Germany
A collection of weird iOS bugs

Test Driven JavaScript
vim setting & plugins
Light colorscheme for GUI Vim
My experimental fork of GPSEE
A collection of bash scripts that ease the use of screen sharing through SSH
University Work

Small web experiments. Testing various APIs and JS libraries.

Emacs epackage extension's Yellow Pages (packages' sources list)

Small helper script for importing MySQL databases.
university project
Test git
Some HTML snippets, boilerplate etc. used by me / Valued Standards
simple Java library for converting POJOs to JSON and back again
This is a demo for nodejs's mongoose
Demo blog de Ruby on rails
Learn to program with Rails

Tool to deploy sites and apps using git at Dahnielson.com
first sample application
Personal Web Site
Repository used to store Python codes.
A fork of Test::NoBreakpoints (v0.13)
copy of sources in Test-Driven Javascript Development written by Christian Johansen
A collection of sample projects from Yojimbo Corp blog posts
My First Repo
Just a test
DEPRECATED - Follow Link for New Project
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample application

My coin collection by nanoc framework
Clone of http://code.google.com/p/pytracker/

A simple framework for interactive tutorials.
Learning modern OpenGL
Meet Vertexer, a simple 3D grid with which you can place paths in: 3D. Vertexer has vim-like controls and functionality. It also includes a library to generate POV-Ray files.
The Minecraft clone.
Sample Rails Tutorial App
The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
This app is only a shortcut to your basecamp classic account. (Google Chrome Extension)
first RoR app
Vim package, including vim config file and plugins
vim files
Just use C..
Research project for University
Demo application
personal blog + website written with flask
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application
Implementation of bruce blowfish cipher.


Code used in Lockwood Weinzierl 2011
two cloned project from google
A configuration set created for users new to FreeSWITCH. It doesn't expose what FreeSWITCH is truly capable of, but I hope new users won't get scared with this configuration set.
Implementation of Simple Regenrating Codes (SRC) using Jerasure Library
just a simple paperclip use example with rails3
My .janus dir, containing vim config and plugins in addition to janus vim distro
A simple text-based adventure game. A Practice lisp program.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application

A core set of python classes to do time-step simulations
Sample Rails App
collection of php Files used (outside of framework) that I can use in teeny-tiny projects
Basic User Api example Really old, don't touch this, it won't work with the current API
Ruby on Rails demo app
Basic Learning

My ubuntu config settings that I usually use setting up a new vm or machine
Just trying to try importing other files
A collection of Flash Card Decks for use with the Anki SRS system
my personal portfolio site
Written assignments & algorithm implementations for my algorithms course.
example of google javascript api
Attempt to create a simple online game with node.js
ManageR-plugin (QGIS) fork that includes soRvi-specific GUI goodies

My CV/Resume and its LaTeX template
Eventworks development framework

A fork of http://www.devbridge.com/projects/autocomplete/jquery/. Added a callback function after each ajax call completes.
*deprecated* My MacPorts
Economy plugin for tracking market prices and setting server store prices
Mini web app to make icalendar files of course schedules at Queen's University.
Ruby on Rails sample, Chapter 3
I'm just learning rails... this is my sandbox to play in
University project writen in C#
Seven languages in seven weeks projects
The mobile portal page prototype is an implementation of a simple Wikipedia home page for portable devices.
Michael Hertl's rails tutorial
A small parser of "TODO"-like statements in source code.
Fork of TinyRadius - a Java-based Radius server library
Very simple and minimalist backend for a blog engine
Small web-app for learning languages nice and easy
rails installer demo


Scripts for installing Node.js on different platforms
Demo app from ruby tutorial
A tool for generating valid HTML sites via the command line. Like a blog, but harder to use.

Pulling from https://github.com/mapbox/carto/tree/master/build/vim-carto
First Node.js demo app
Rails Tutorial, sample app
Projeto de git do custo on-line
My linux config files


My config files in home dir
theme template of my blog built upon emlog. 

First app for ruby on rails tutorial
A collection of simple app examples for iOS 4
Sample implementation of a presence server for createjs.

simple logger for python but with new approach for logging per module
Efficient Vim
school.hh.ru-java-stdlib translation to Python.
Open science notebook blog
L2Divine scripts
Project / Task management as simple as it can be
Some of my auxiliary mathematical libraries
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application 

A small commandline program to search the occurrence and cooccurence of words in a given file.

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample_app
This is a demo I used in my talk at SenchaCon 2011. It's a Sencha Touch application (for iPhone) that uses PhoneGap to cache data using CoreData.
Site covering HTML/Javascript banner to blackout any website.

Google Reader clone with pluggable sharing and favorites
My resume in Latex
Skrill Demo
Iuid a simple uid generator and storage
My dot files.
GitHub clone for Digaboard to apply some small fixes

Ruby on Rails Sample Applicaiton
my linux dotfiles
Programmatically generate documentation for your Puppet Modules
Kodak image sensor component with sensor driver, sensor control and basic image processing
Ruby on Rails
This is a practice repo since I am new to all this
learning iOS
Blog
Download and makeup program guides of a few channels for the next week
This is just a simple example that how to implement horizantle Picker view 
DEPRECATED since 5.4.2. Nuxeo Platform High Availability
Port curriculums on jwc.hit.edu.cn to Google Calander and other calanders.
Simple example of using the Graph API on the server side with Python for Pluralsight 
My dotfiles
static site
A simple jQuery plugin for keyboard scrolling through different sections in a webpage.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application
The simplest way to check if packages must be updated from Debian security repository
ROR project
A small IUT project. Displays a rotating cube in OpenGL.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demonstration application
Custom theme for Sunnyvale website
School papers


Modified version of Arclight theme for MythTV
Contains javascript file to be included in your webpage where dynamic element is being created. It has a function which does it all.

The Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application

A Rails Tutorial demo app (using Scaffolding) 
Java stuff
Project Euler solutions in Python
Simple example of using the Graph API on the server side with PHP for Pluralsight
Some scripts I'm making in PHP to solve number theory problems.  They'll be linked together on my website.
A web browser that has offline features like a Web Camera,  Games,Email and many more.You dont have to be online to navigate the Anansi Browser.
Ruby on Rails tutorial first application
Git mirror of Voce voice interaction library, with my improvements (link goes to upstream)
Sweet math problems in Ruby
Ruby on Rails tutorial Demo Application
github pages
Some useful scripts for converting media files, using rtorrent and else
 BXR is an open source, ruby on rails file management system.
ruby 2 on rails 4 sample app
A Completely Javascript framework
An Implementation for a simple educational system using java, intended to contain all major concepts and techniques in the language. This is originally a homework for third year students in Damascus University.
Complex example of GIT Cherry picking

A bejeweled clone with an AI to play it
Rails Tutorial Sample App Second Try
minimal example demonstrating scala on android with opengl es
demo for isotope_contacts
My first github app
The second app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial.

This is a project for small markets and simple users without PC experiance
Redmine theme for ALMinium
Source for building an experimental Debian package of the NetCDF Java library
Test app RoR Tutorial
Powerful, yet simple CMS base for Rails 3
A simple algebraic computation system written in F#.
First project
Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application
My first project

general area for new code
A pong clone written in C++ using OpenGL
php string functions ported to emacs lisp (very much in progress)
Code. Creating backup and version controlling it across branches. Pushing to work across machines. 
testing the integration of a calendar application and google maps in django
Exercises from Programming in Scala 2nd Ed.



The itunes store search api states that large applications should use cache architecture.  This is my simple implementation of one such server using mongodb and node.js
Main documentation for Participant Scheduling System


MIUI v4 Ukraine Translation
sitepoint mobile book tutorial in rails

Sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Open source javascript & wordpress plugin
This is a tutorial for beginners learning CoffeeScript.
PFC documentation
a simple blog written in django- not yet working at all :)
JavaScript-based BUGswarm connector.

My emacs config.
An efficient, persistent, union-find data structure.
HBase Manager provides a simple GU Interface to interact with HBase Database. With HBM we can do all the basic actions like Table Create/Alter/Drop/Truncate and Data Modifications like Insert/Delete/Update.  The Scan Operation can be fully customized with
Backup scripts for Linux using rsync
Just a sandbox of random cruft while I learn git
Battlegrounds for mozilla.com work (mirror of http://svn.mozilla.org/projects/mozilla.com/)
my config
My blog
Documentation for the Grid'5000 API
A simple NER component that uses prefix-tree to build the recognition dictionary.
My vim config
private stuff for test, temp storage
My VIM dot files
Making markdown text files pretty. This is pretty much a clone of https://github.com/sanand0/markdress so the credit should go to him. I was surprised at how easy it was to implement in node.
metabolomic website interface
Collection of shell scripts to provide extra nifty features for client side subversion usage.
Keeps dot files under version control
Repository for a personal homepage
My solutions to 99 problems in haskell and clojure
Ruby on Rials Tutorial Demo Application
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Grails plugin created with the purpose of realizing simple excel imports (2003 and 2007 workbooks)
My personnal .dotfiles and other config stuff.
My university project on a GPS iphone application
Backup documents stored on www.e-boks.dk
\N
Misc. Ruby Benchmarks
personal twit backup website
Unofficial mirror of the official ffmpegsource repository.
Joseph Reagle New Media Culture Class

my dot files
Large file storage with Git

Personal home directory configuration files
POI Icon Set
fork of master branch from git://slackbuilds.org/slackbuilds.git (read more on wiki). If you want to fork do it only with master (the other branches are temporary and are always rebased on master). alternative interface http://cgit.ponce.cc/slackbuilds/
Some commonly used utilities for scala.
A collection of short programs that demonstrate some basic functionality
A simple chess game. I built this mostly to get familiar with the D3 graphics library. A demo is online at jake-chess.herokuapp.com
\N
Simple Sublime Text 2 / GitX integration plugin
Simple RESTful message service using Grails and MongoDB
Modelling flat mechanisms (java version)
Fork of Jeff Sharkey's script to highlight Android adb logcat output for the console.
Github mirror of MediaWiki extension CategorySortHeaders - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)

A collection of config files I'd like to keep in sync
This repo has moved to https://github.com/projectbismark/bismark-packages
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Just for messing around and learning
Defines of the java-api-complete.vim for servlet 2.3
A small collection of utility classes for Java.
Collection of random hacks which aid in understanding the compiler/language


Allows content to be submitted using Markdown, a simple plain-text syntax that is transformed into valid HTML. http://drupal.org/project/markdown
My notes and code backup chrome web application

Gnuplotting wordpress theme
A shared space for working on an open standard around food and food business related data.
Goto CSS declaration in an open *.css file
Facebook Hiring Test - Ribosome
A small collaboration with users of http://codegolf.stackexchange.com.


my dotfiles
Fork of http://code.google.com/p/throttled-smtp-appender/ but with threadsafety bugs fixed

Repository of diploma thesis
Perl Script - A quick little perl backup wrapper for s3cmd sync
My Code::Blocks (CB) installer forked from the CB Installer.
A demo app created in 2008 on the Android 1.x SDK to test/demonstrate the built-in accelerometer in a T-Mobile G1 phone. Detects when the phone is dropped and plays an "ahhhh" scream sound. When free-fall stops, it plays a "phew" sound. Should work on lat
Directory structure and template files for starting a new WordPress theme or child theme.
Front-end Web Development Project 2: Online Resume
openmoko u-boot fork with support for iPAQ h1940 and rx1950
Solutions for puzzles in Project Euler

A personal website
Front-end Web Development Nanodegree Project 4: Performance fixes
My C learning notes
My dot files
A clone of the javaparser project, since that seemed dead. All submitted patches are accepted.
PHP and web development blog.
An example of how to use your finger to blur some parts of an UIImage

Unofficial mirror of hg.libsdl.org/SDL_mixer. Updated daily.
Bono's Github Page.


Personal recipe site based on Jekyll, hosted on BitBalloon and built with Travis CI




Small library to copy images from a remove host to local mashine.
This is my API plans research.
This is my API partner research.

A simple synthetic transaction (site login) traffic simulator written in Visual Basic

C++ Examples for CTP API 

This is a required repository for the Launch School curriculum. It is intended to be a repo to store your solutions to chapter exercises to show the TA's during assessments.

Chapter 13 code from Real World Haskell Book
practicing git of codeschoool
Personal todo list.


Sample C++ application that demonstrates list vs vector.
My github page user site
my personal website
My online portfolio of my recent projects. Feel free to check it out!
A simple app using iframe
Belated attempt to solve Advent of Code 2015
The Odin Project practice: http://www.theodinproject.com/ruby-programming/data-structures-and-algorithms?ref=lnav

Storing various test code from Python courses - use at your own risk
Documentation sur AVR_Atmel (Wiring/arduino)

Personal website.
Bread website

Simple standardised build scripting for common Xyncro projects
This is a test to check the CD setting in Azure from GitHub
Building a Website with Node.js and Express tutorial
Python Sphinx Read The Docs Theme
A collection of code and projects for the RaspberryPi
A simple demo repository to show the basic git workflow
Configuration files and settings

My resume


A Project From Things Learned From Chrome Dev Summit 2015
My Predictive Analytics project for General Assembly Data Science course using NaNoWriMo data



Basic Login Page with JavaScript Encryption
A PHP implementation of CoinPayments API wrapped up into a simple to use class.
HomePage For My Portfolio And Work.
Code for an tutorial to hide or show an HTML5 element, such as <div>, <span>, <iframe>, and more


A simple Rails Repository pattern implementation
A simple site to manage hearthstone decks and search for cards
A sample project to accompany a blog series

Very simple web scrape example for first week of "Thing a Week"

collection of clang plugins
Ansible Playbooks for packaging software and uploading to my packagecloud.io tools repo
A simple javascript router written in pure javascript and prototypes

Various notes regarding AllJoyn development
This repo contains an iPython notebook which generates PDF pages of small labels for pinned insect specimens from data stored in an iNaturalist project.
A repository created following the tutorial: https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/

C++
Demo for the <ng2-markdown> component


My dotfiles
this is my attempt to redesign the existing homepage for placesbrands dot com and make it responsive
I've created this repository to experiment with Git -- no useful content is included in this repository.
Final Project for UC Berkeley iOS Development Class

I am terrible at puzzles and terrible at code. But together, I am strangely engaged
just another repository
Cs229 and CS221 project, Stanford, 2015


My first repository on GitHub 
A blog where I explore installing linux on a 512MB G4 mac mini.
my first git-hub hello-world






Brick breaker clone written in Javascript. Uses pixi.js and Tink libraries. #breakout #game
Yet another react components pack
A respository for learning git.
Second version of my personal portfolio site
A directory I use to keep the code I write for doing http://www.adventofcode.com's 25 days of code exercises.
Simple lock-based leader "election" system daemon written in Go, using DynamoDB
test for flask python etc

This repository contains all the programs I have created in Java and C using Data Structures
Exercises from "The Go Programming Language"

Just for practice

This is how I like to organize my express apps (with passport auth and sessions) 
My first repository on GitHub.
My DBC phase 0 github page site
open source
A translation of Apple's sample code PocketCoreImage into Swift


It is created for the purpose of testing. Reference to the OpenCV 3.0 is added. 


This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.

My attempt at creating a procedurally generated rogue-like

A small collection of methods to perform math operations on colors

Public repository for http://hdblogger1.blogspot.com/
things I don't want to forget
Learning android studio and git



Personal Anchor-cms theme

random tidbits as i work through perl6intro's syntax & features intro
copy paste to new comps for env on terminal sheel
my blog on github

For practice, I created this subscription-based Ruby on Rails web application utilizing ecommerce and software as a service models.
SAMPL1 Database used for Benchmarking Hydration free energy calculations
My Personal Homepage
Multipart resume site


Small Javascript checkers game

This repository is for created for learning Python. 
A personal clone of the HLStats project source code. Use the `1.65` tag for the last stable release.
The sample app from the Ruby on Rails Tutorial

Just another repository
my blog

new couchcms pages
practice repository

Basic app to show and launch the apps I will create as part of my Udacity Nanodegree.
A very basic example of how smart pointers prevent memory leaks for educational/introductory purposes.


my dotfiles
"Fork me on GitHub" CSS ribbon Assets for Yii Framework 2.
leetcode repo


Clone of Ahmia search engine

Personal Blog
Documentation repo for Zhibaihe packages.


Test repo
Algorithm work

personal .dotfiles and scripts
Contributing guidelines for all @duyetdev project.
This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.
Test / Learn React Redux trying to implement a game.
A terminal session with the host running SPJS. As of version 1.87 of SPJS you can send/receive basic terminal commands to host operating system. This widget is a front-end UI for the terminal from ChiliPeppr.






My first attempt at React Native. A simple guessing game using the Etsy API.
Portfolio website.
practice for push

A work in proggress of a repo that allows you to share code and store it in a very user friendly place.
profile and dot files for linux


Setup with Express and React in ES6 with webpack and nodemon with basic Login and Database
101 Programming Foundations at LaunchSchool.com
Test

Developer documentation for Integratingfactor.com
A simple and easy demonstration for using PHP with MySQL over localhost. This project ReportCard Tool performs the insertion, Deletion, Updation, Searching over MySQL database with help of interface provided by html and PHP.  
Project of Alura Spring MVC course

A sample application that reads, creates, updates and deletes entries from a Microsoft Access Database using OleDB on VB.NET.
One-liners for use with Rackspace Private Cloud


simple module loading
My first web app



practice code everyday
Sample module for adding custom category attribute to Magento 2
source code for my personal blog


Dummy Project for Testing Purpose
Simple follow-along repo for a udacity.com course on git
A translation of Apple's sample code HeadsUpUI into Swift
Seok-Lyong Lee's Page

A trial during my ios course 

Dota2 cfg config
Repository for my dev environment dotfiles
Just some random work done by me

learning ruby koans
A collection of my Project Euler solutions

personal solutions for Advent Of Code 2015
this is the project for testing

Test for DJI

lot of small independant projects
My DBC Phase 0 github pages site!
TESTING OAUTH2 IN NODE.JS
Demo app rendering react on the server
My first project on Github
Plusdeal API Sample Code


Google Breakpad fork for Unvanquished with jon.turney's MinGW support patches.
For proposed Node.js Testing Working Group. Hopefully can be moved to nodejs org before too long...
Normal the rasppi setting and config 
Code of the paper "Learning Super Shared Middle-level Image Representation for Scene Classification"


Personal website template
My quick solutions with Erlang for Advent of Code 2015

Joomla Framework Testing

My Record Database application
hare u can get all the project file of php tutorials series in hindi

this is a git test repository
Download Samples from wild just by providing md5 hash




Is there any open source project to do? call me!

Very basic encryption program written in java.
:octocat:This a personal blogs powered by GitHub which is the freest place to share views and make notes for any programmer!
Sample repo for workshop purpose
repo for all of my code
My portfolio page v2
Very simple C# 6.0 console application to merge all MP3 files within a directory into a MP3 file with the same name.
An app that runs jmeter scripts programatically created for demonstration purpose. 
Welcome repo for ReviewNinja to help you get started. Feel free to delete when you're done, we won't take it personally.
Education Projects
test
php simple login without database

Small useful scripts to not lose them

Practical Example for Vulnerable Web Application
gt's repository for student-made tests and course notes
Some documentation for modding Duck Game.
material reddit clone

Just another repository
Test how to use Handler and AsyncTask
http://www.mbsoftworks.sk/index.php?page=tutorials&series=1
This is a simple library that allows you to decorate functions with a string, and execute that function if the string is spoken.


A fairy generic SOAP Service and Client with a handlers used for the authentication process (on both sides). Avoid using a database to keep it simple.
a three.js tutorial
New Repo
Solving Advent of Code 2015 in Ruby
Arthritis symptoms a person's head low for a bit afterwards because a man.  Arthritis diet, but it can potentially hire someone who did care.  Treatment for arthritis like a ship manned by barrel cutthroat buccaneers.  http://primearthritis.xyz selected a



Just generate the organization's logo in SVG format
repo containing my test about web tech
A basic site layout with the Susy engine

Ansible playbook for setting up a Linux dev machine for web development
Make new repos through git!
Simple Node.js application with Redis as data store to demonstate docker hosting with sloppy.io

this repository is a java solution for projecteuler.net problems

A responsive resume

Fork of 1pass (1Password-compatible password management tool) by Ryan C. Gordon
test git

This is my first program in github
In this repository have only html and css files for login, sign up and a Chating Form..


Demo of using threadpools to improve performance on Android
Basic Numeric Operations and Functions for Swift (Based on Accelerate Framework)
A Plex Media Server docker image.
practice
Final assignment for Cousera "Responsive Website Basics: Code with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript" class

Simple SPA example with Rails+Redux+React+Router+Webpack
GitHub test


Source code comments
exam demo project.
Codes in Using Databases with Python, Coursera
Dotfiles

prjects of our labs in Buaa University

my blog
My first repository on GitHub

A demo of authenticating to websites.

The solution for an assignment in course - "Timekla tehnologijas 2"
A simple logging utility for Node.js
my blog
Some GPU tests on textures

It's my own home automation project's repository

Weblog with personal ramblings of Dolf Andringa, and ecologist, web developer and scientist. The website runs on Jekyll at github pages.

CB-Geo C++ Programming Guidelines
Codes for my tests about Kaggle "Digit Recognizer" https://www.kaggle.com/c/digit-recognizer

Basic


Github mirror of "mediawiki/extensions/SpellingDictionary" - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)
C# Style Guide

learn git
list of project to do.
use ssh connection




To use in the course for learning Android

A simple repository
Business software for small craft producers
Some things about learning Chrome Extensions.




Sample Django project using Visual Studio 2015 and Google App Engine SDK

For practicing HTML, CSS, JS, and the like.
Simple parser for HakerNews site
the first project i post online
MapReduce examples on USASpending.gov Contracts files (csv).
Simple Android application, where you can capture a photo and then it displays in ImageView.



Udacity Android Developer Project 1+2 (Popular Movies)


Sample applications for my blog
A Sample of GitHub used for storing Student work

Personal Website V2
A package with Frederik Hjorth's personal R code 

A blog-building tutorial from "The Complete Ruby on Rails Developer Course Udemy"
Simple WebService mock using Jetty and Apache CXF
My first repository on Github.
My local configurations for extending thoughtbot/dotfiles.
A simple Resume Template
Here I will commit c++ coding practice things

This is a skeleton of Angular2 application with some basic features, approaches, etc.
a small d3 based weather visualization of a gone year

Cleaning of HTML code from debris
Php is a web programming language diversity and never expires we are currently planning a new onlineStore source and completely free
My personal vim setup
NEW SIMPSONS
Google clound messaging with Chrome - Notification demo
Sample App with Spring Rest and AngularJS
React Sample Apps
Test for issue https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-config/issues/314.

Detecting communities in Facebook ego-networks - Project for the "Statistical Analysis of Network Data" course by Eric Kolaczyk at ENSAE ParisTech (visiting professor from Boston University)
Trying to learn some basic Python



Simple C projects 



My Resume
sample
My current vim config
It contains all the example based on each lessons.
My own Repo for very strange and chujowy projects



My arduino's projects

a exercise of ftp server and client program
A simple windows script for python that allows for grouping together of programs to all be opened with a simple click or two
My own shell theme, crafted with :heart:

first repository
A simple Java program that calculates Pi using the Monte Carlo method



Basic algorithms written in C#.

i am learning python


Simple program to play Blackjack
demo for angular js

tryout mojoio before integrating it with your workflow.
Rails application - practice: adding pages, routes, and bootstrap.
just for fun repo
Simple guide explaining how to generate a h.248/megaco parser

A small PHP program to send SMS messages to a GOIP GSM Gateway using a simple restful API
My practice  
for my practice

demo for chat
Github-Repo for my personal website

Simple rest client python class

Solutions for the advent of code, written in Go
My dotfiles
Udemy React Tutorial

A mod that offers a base for building fastest like maps.
My Cucumber Selenium example
Simple Web Server to conduct a performance test
Simple app (15KB) to launch Storage Settings directly from the apps drawer

Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/android-rome-feed-reader
my first github repository


Studying web-server
Example App using the Google Polyline Decoding


Learning Git-Hub
Personal videography site based on Jekyll, hosted on BitBalloon and built with Travis CI

Practice simple JavaSciprt

A hello world example for pygame. The game displays a box that can be moved around with arrow keys.
Java project template
My express.js web application based on rouxmeet example.

First commit
How to connect PHP to a MySQL database
Repository for a project implementing the SIP stack for online communications. Being the 3rd laboratory project for course M7021E at the Lulea University of Technology, Sweden
Testing


A set of scripts that I maintain and use on my systems.  You mgiht find them useful too.
My first repository on GitHub.
Web project structure for beginner


test
A windows most simple engine made with C++ & DirectX
Set-top-box Data

Experimental very basic reactive streams implementation for JavaScript
Conslutation Reservation Mangement System, requirment of software engineering subject. Multimedia Univeristy. January 2016.
steam backup covers
OxyRouter is a simple javascript plugin for making front-end routing easy as pie.

Une demo de git
practice with peer programming. (Worked with Ben)
my website

Learning Practise
vm,Cloud,storage

issue repo

Take notes while learning about web design and IT
Coursera - Exploratory Data Analysis - Course Project 2
my solution to lintcode problems
A simple ecommerce website created with PHP and Python. Currently under Development
HTML CSS JS lessons

my-vim setting
My RapidMiner Extension
Python scripts from 'Programming the Raspberry Pi' Simon Monk (2016)
A personal finance categorizer in Javascript.
School


http://www.cgs.synth.net/
This is the main project for the Ruby on Rails course
some examples in the book Beginning-Python-From-Novice-To-Professional
Google App Engine and Spring MVC example project


The first main part of my diploma thesis which must be delivered to finish the course Semestral project

takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website

Simple web page with Leaflet map and geolocalisation.
Simple android project to manage my hours at work
C language project using OpenGL graphics library
My theme for Piwigo.
The first tutorial of Angular2 Beta using Visual Studio

Repository for Euler challenges and similar code for Thing a Week.




My first java script ive made ;)


script trainner

Cellular Mathematical Biology Reading Course
Private school project/assignment
my test project
fork of Berkely Snap
Small project to get familiar with QT

Add first implementation.
Test

Will be a clone of the original Boulder Dash game

An instant messaging app created in Meteor for a Coursera course.
Examples of redux usage and patterns from the egghead.io course 
My First Rails App

My version of the Javascript Chess Engine, created from watching video series provided by http://www.bluefever.net/Chess/index.html
chunks of code from my Data Science Projects...
This is the demo of isomorphic webapp using React + NodeJS
Modules with diferent purposes for android projects.

Example Scala programs demonstrating the use of different monads to query and work with the github api.
My personal website

Simple client for the action camera
test repository
All the small (may be non userful ;-) ) automating scripts or programs that I made.
This is the test website for my blog


My New Repo
Personal Site
simple angular project to display a list of stocks
My fst repo
Web object inspector used to automate testing software with Selenium 






Simple infrastructure to create, run and analyze tests which have measurable output
wp-theme-church

Project for Algorithmics course. Bloom and Cuckoo filters used for remembering elements added to list.
gci task: https://codein.withgoogle.com/dashboard/task-instances/6501030917308416/?sp-page=1

Just testing


This repo contains the information for a new fresher training

My Spring Batch Examples

Fork of the espruino MQTT module
Irish School transitions as Sankey Diagrams
Short example of attempt to animate a hive plot that I haven't been able to make work.
Files for the REACH High Spring 2016 course: Intro to Web Design Using Bootstrap
A sample repo for use in creating new storage modules for Botkit
Programming in Scala book, tutorials code
Scripts for building a basic Linux system, based on Linux From Scratch http://www.linuxfromscratch.org/

An example of using emacs org mode (babel/tangle) to set up a docker shell session and generate/run an image.

resume repository



Because origin Hacker News website is so ugly, so I gonna spend my weekends build another web client using React + Redux + Webpack + Material UI just for fun.
dotfiles

Simple risk vizualization
Test 1, 2, 3

This repository is created just to understand how a repository is to be created in GitHub.
A sample project to learn angular js

Practice programming problems on LeetCode

Golang forms library. It's meant to be for personal use, but if you like it you can use it.
Fullforms is a simple RESTful API which will give you access to lots of fullforms and meanings of shortforms via simple http request.
Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Stanford University @ Coursera
A dumping ground for old projects I wrote for my undergrad at The University of Pittsburgh. Nostalgia, youth, poor variable naming. It's all here.
Inspecter allows you to test you code easily and without boilerplates code

Test

This repository is about to practice programs from HackerRank.
A simple python based application to execute code to remote device via ssh
My JWM config setup (Installs some Xfce components)
basic angularjs search app repo

explore you ide like a champ

Typicode Fetcher. A tiny project for FOSSASIA/Google Code-In 2015.
Excercises for learning python bootcamp
Yet another test!
Repo for my Advanced databases assignment. Almost finished anyway but I want the timestamp before submission 
Programs created during first year at University of Maryland

New test repo

simple data access framework written in java
Just a fun multiplayer battleship game...for fun.
Swift 2 implementation of the Stanford iOS course's graphing calculator assignment
A list of simple Ansible roles we use in our project 

SPS Test

Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/detectdisplays
Machine learning library and projects in matlab



app for testing 
My /etc dir backup
A PHP sample showing how to extract viewables from the Autodesk OSS storage to your local machine

My first Pokedex had a lot of merge issues so I created a new repository to work with

A practice Django app for naming imaginary animals
first tutorial
Irwin Brady's Text, as of the end of 2015.
Toy example of D3 used for making a browser game. Hits performance limitation pretty fast. 
Concepts learned and projects that were made using AngularJS
A simple busy indicator which can be trigger from any child or navigated page in react native application
UHC documentation (split off from UHC repo)

My backup of configs in $HOME
Test server
testing repository
Small project as exercise for school
Docker images for physical computing (Raspberry Pi 2 GPIO)
This is a test repository

Personal Home Page
KGViewSeparators is a small helper library that helps to quickly insert separators into a view. No subclassing required!
Website for the course


My custom dotfiles, using ZSH


All of my android work. Includes Toast exercise, SQLite exercise, 
Just another repository

A simple Java software module for processing package dependencies.

Data for my blog
Documentation (Python tutorial and how to use Reeborg) in multiple languages
Android app to display the contents of your Google Calendar on a Simple Nook eReader (although it should also work on other Android based eReaders).
My dot emacs

Hadoop tasks repository for Parallel and Distributed Computing course at MIPT 2015
Angular playground for http://www.mundmische.de.
Simple blog with flask
Its my first repository.
style guide for New England VegFest
My dotfiles
This is an example site for the intro to Front-end Web Development Course at Flatiron School.

My personal blog where I talk about technical concepts related to being a front-end web developer

Simple React app for GitHub search API


Simple quiz app
Testing Github
Boilerplate for projects that require js bundling and minification and sass/scss compilation to css
An opinionated  JavaScript styleguide.


Some my C and C++ code examples which I made during study new technology.
A very basic hands on Android Kitkat
This is the 4th App for the course

Fine selection of small Verilog modules under MIT license
Basic Tic-Tac-Toe game
This is my first GitHub! I'm using this project as a way to learn a system that is new to me.
Simple Magento 2 module that shows uses of Controller, Block & Template.
See YouTube: https://github.com/michaelbiafore/RemoteExample.git

A POC project to demonstrate android List View
A tutorial for using Angular's built-in filters.




Monumental Archive Project

my first git experience
Codepath University Spring 2016
Collection of homework assignments, papers and source code created while earning BS at the Evergreen State College
A multi channel log emitter(a clone of my php snitchin) written in GO
develop react-redux to learning any more
Setting up a new Mac
Assignment from freecodecamp.org, to create a small api microservice that parses the requesting browser's header and returns os, ip address, and language. http://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/basejump-request-header-parser-microservice

Few react components to compare github stars evolution of popular github repositories
My practice of testing website payoneer.com using howitzer cucumber.

A collection of the files for a sample website about wolves. It does not work.



Simple integration with github api
Setting up sprites and platform controls in easeljs
A personal adaptive index for org.
First Playing with Github desktop
App for playing with Realm
Mode Emotions Mturk Study 2 (code & csv)
Example web server from node.js developer course
Osvaldo Malvizzati Painter - Personal Website


My dotfiles for Unix systems
Test repository

A simple example of an app created using Ransack and Rex.

I created a java Selenium Maven project to practice testing techniques for myself using JUnit to check if the automated test pass or fail
Linked List Random Java Integers


Local sandbox for mucking around with Docker. Requires Vagrant and VirtualBox.
Karma Landing Page Clone
Just a repo for me donking around with hapi/react
Test program 
A simple i18n translation and localization library for React+Fluxible applications.
A simple flashlight app for Android
Math quiz with an angry, offensive tutor. Written in Ruby.

python the hard way tutorial/book
This is a list of tech coops that are either forming or looking for new members.
Simple Docker image for testing SSL certificates
Simple dockerfile for use with wercker to compile android 6.0 projects
Intro and Next Steps in Foundation

Resources for the Sonic Interaction Design Course HS 2015
My personal Docker containers I use for development.
Very basic implementation of personal site built with Django
Download script for grabbing data out of a twonky media server
my first Repository on Github



Configure your routes with simple syntax annotations

Just my dotfiles...
Small arcade-style space shooter using C++ and SFML
Test javascript libraries using Mocha and Chai
Jupyter/Ipython notebooks for physical chemistry course

Testing
Turorial for a basic Mongo Express Node app with one model


I have created a demo interview app using Meteorjs and Kurento. Sample 5 interview questions are there. Once the user clicks on start button, he /she can see see a question which has  to answered within 3 minutes or else it will disappear. Kurento media s

Attempting to create a github based blog for all of my coding meanderings

A simple php script to display information about a SoundCloud account in JSON format

OS X Config files
Program for testing Classifiers implemented in Weka using Cross-validation


A test run to practice Rails with nested routes
Example of good Android practices

practice with git and github
A Private MA Server
Following Udemy React Course - learn-and-understand-reactjs
My first repository on GitHub
Small educational scripts to teach programming, some math, possibly some physics.


HTML Template Engine
Get basic stats for each repo in a GitHub organization as org-mode tables
Very simple Java RMI application for education
compiler I wrote for University class
Code from Udacity classes.
A personal guide on how to get started making games by Jonathan Topf

Basic Scripting in C using Data Structures and bit shifting
Template for testing pgxntool with pgxntool-test

Template repository for building Ansible roles off of, including good unit testing and documentation.

Docker Python CI Environment


New Folder created

Sample repository for Git Tutorials
A translation of Apple's sample code Using UIImagePickerController to Select Pictures and Take Photos into Swift
Practice Project
A simple blog/website practice project powered by Node and the Express framework.
Very simple Python script to display artist name and track title on i3blocks
Docker image for raspberry pi - pigpio service


Simple tool for setting up reminders. Works in the background, allows to create/modify/delete reminders and their reoccurences. Application created in VS 2015.  Feel free to contribute.
Sublime Text plugin for simple and easy SASS / SCSS compilation.

A simple web todo list application employing jQuery, CSS and HTML
Pelican Theme for my personal site (http://crowdersoup.com)

A work for any sized group of megaphones
This is a repository for random (but useful) functions I have created.


Code from Commodity Algorithms and Data Structures: Simple and Useful, 2nd Edition by Dmytro Kedyk 
Tests for the dxLib repository on GitHub
Notes, files, examples for News Hack Arizona
A basic project with chai mocha testing


Configuration for vim, bash, and other programs.
JS implementation of examples from "A Programmer's Geometry"


A new Test
Personal Website 


These are the PHP files developed while completing Treehouse's PHP Development Course

Some annoying code


A simple encrypted password manager created with node-js
My First jquery lab

An excerpt from my Summer 2015 REU project with the BU Bioinformatics Department (BRITE REU).

Project created using Intellij

My website
Demonstration of the one-to-main database relationship using ruby on rails.
Ansible Role to install nzbtomedia postprocessing scripts
Final Project for the CS225 Computer Science/Java class

Bringing all my frequently accessed sites to a single page. Total emphasis on minimizing typing.
Simple implementation of the game of cribbage
My fancy website

Algorithms Robert Sedgewick Course Work

A simple Minecraft Server Manager status update checker via HTTP.
repository for tests

C++ Implementation of the AKS primality test




Qt test application for asynchronous local file reading
Medium clone built with Ruby on Rails

Simple rummy implementation in C++

This is my Learn.ModernDeveloper repository, as I traverse Career Path 3!
Meu blog
Just some basic server shiet to mess around with

Sandbox Express Project



Debian debhelpers fork


Simple way to create ebooks from a set of markdown files.
Basic server status information delivered via REST
AyDS project
Mirror copy of the Debian packaging of python-q

Fork of https://code.google.com/p/io-2012-slides/
Learning Play framework in Java
This is the first app we built in the iOS course

This is the first app we built in the iOS course
Testing out iOS SpriteKit 
Demonstration of how the .Net geometry-api-cs computational geometry library can be used as a RabbitMQ worker
Resume for David R Prothero in Bootstrap and Angular.js

Small, quick chat server as an Erlang exercise
This repository contains the EmulationStation theme "Carbon"
git clone of sybrenstubel's flickapi hg repo (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi/)
Sphinx documentation for the Tinkerforge system
Advanced lesson in iOS 9 Devslopes class about auto layout and constraints in Xcode.
Uploaded an early hello word test code to Github.

Learning: to show how to use template in C++
A complete, yet simple, starter for Angular 2 using webpack 2
Super simple (static) web service to grab VAT rates for all EU Member States, in preparation of the new 2015 VAT regulation.
takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website
A Red Black Tree Implementation in Java


fast.js is a simple, tested, ready-to-used javascript algorithm library for any node.js and browser.
Playing around with generic collections in java$cript
Code and sample for Chute Tutorials for Android
An Unprofessional Blog Engine Created With ASP.NET MVC By Tugberk Ugurlu


Repository used as support for my studies about MVC with Hibernate and JSF, based on the book Caelum FJ-26
Sagittarius fork
A simple patch-server for games and apps based on HTTP and file hashes.



 My solutions, written in Python, to the problems posted on Project Euler -- a series of math problems which can only be solved using a computer.


Bin-Build is a small shell script to simplify compiling source file in C, C++ and Objective-C.


Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/my-hotel
fork of gojsonreference with support for structs
Arnold Worldwide training repo for git and github
Source code of my Jekyll-based website
This repository has been deprecated, please use one of the separate ANDS application-specific software repositories listed at: http://github.com/au-research/
tecgraf's iup src repo mirror
Mirror svn repo of T2 Sde project
Playing around with type erasure, concept based polymorphism and value semantics


A stripped down cmsMake which *only* makes, nothing more.
.vim configurations
Simple command line tool for generating safe passwords from a master password
Simple build system in GNU make macros
Personal site
A demo twilio node app, using just the low-level HTTP APIs
Basic platformer game. Mainly a proof of concept.
This is a simple web application which implement Two-Factor authentication by TOTP and Google Authenticator
pure data external to synthesize text to an array with espeak library

crawler4j fork from Google code
12in12 tutorial blog
my dot files
My vim dotfiles, ellipsis.sh compatible.
jQuery plugin for creating a gallery of zoomable images from an anchor list.

Lean WordPress Theme
My fork of OpenWRT 12.09 Attitude Adjustment branch
Documentation about the Grml Server

A small utility for working with cookies.

Multiplayer Boggle Clone
Michael Hartl's Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application
Mirror of git://git.sv.gnu.org/inetutils.git
My custom devel config files, dot files and helpers needed to only have to install it on a new machine and start geeking
Simple documentation generation for Brat
Set of tools and scripts for converting raw data (csv, tsv, $sv, and other custom formats), creating links, and managing a triple store
My blog 
Jayson is a simple but featureful JSON-RPC 2.0/1.0 client and server for node.js
Basic server-side analytics middleware for expressJS.
My resume

Example scaffolding for hosting Ruby applications on Windows Azure
Placeholder description: @fredex42 created this with repo-genesis
CS032 Term Project, Spring 2014
Synology File Hosting for Simply Debrid
Small Python script that takes a list of directories zips them and uploads the zip to a ftp server. Also deleting all zips older than the configured stale option. Thought it could be useful to someone out there.
Soluciones para problemas en http://coj.uci.cu
A simple demo of a web page interacting with sleepy mongoose REST api using JQuery. Instructions for Mac OSX running MAMP.
this is just a mirror of https://bitbucket.org/hasufell/hasufell-overlay
Plot tcptrace data
various pieces of code used by many of my projects
Used for some changes for the swiss pirate party, based on a "git svn clone http://svn.code.sf.net/p/postfixadmin/code/ --stdlayout" and a "git filter-branch --prune-empty --tag-name-filter cat -- --all"
My idea of a cozy CLI environment
Code Home
my website
Programa simple de redes neuronales para java
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/wordsearch-android
Resume in LaTeX.
(inactive and unmaintained) A set of loosely coupled machine learning, data-mining and bioinformatics applications in a broad range of functional languages.
simple library to use/parse grok patterns with php
my dotfiles
svn clone http://dangerous-prototypes-open-hardware.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Bus_Pirate
Pointers to useful, well-written, and otherwise beautiful documentation.
fork of buildout.eggnet
My vim files
Configuration files for all my unix tools
Clone of git://anongit.freedesktop.org/gstreamer/gst-plugins-base
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Incredibly basic bookmarking application.
Testium is a very Flexible and Plugin-able Test Automation Engine written in java. It is Open Source and fully supports the XML-based file formats of the Standardized Test Tool Interfaces as described in http://www.testtoolinterfaces.org/. Other file form
Janrain Capture Demo
Fork of http://git.suckless.org/dmenu with selected patches from http://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/patches/
New site design
A simple map from strings to values in JavaScript
A collection of Xcode Templates that I use. Well...so far only Coda and SIMBL plugin
My vim ultisnips snippets
Obsolete, see https://github.com/atykhonov/google-translate
Small R-Type shooter based on craftyjs.com
My dotfiles, for my mac
Finnish translation for Symphony CMS
LaTex version of resume
hold my dotfiles here
my .vim folder
A simple python script to monitor sensors
A dark color scheme for Vim.
A cross-platform clone of the popular Lazy Newb Pack for Dwarf Fortress.
configuration files for bash
dotfiles such as .vimrc and .rvmrc
Fork of warsync
Deprecated, see https://github.com/Stonelinks/stonelinks.github.io
Personal package repository for Arch Linux

git - the simple guide
Collection of my dotfiles for easy access
My dotfiles - vim mastering - I can't go back anymore
A simple websocket client for send and receive data from a Node Server.

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
My dotfiles
Vim dotfiles for pathogen and other configurations
Simple issue tracking system written in Rails 3
Very basic template for new rails projects
Simple broker that handles all message types and participates in markets
Copy of the last free wurfl.xml data file
  This project has been deprecated.
Fork of https://code.google.com/p/cssjanus/ with modifications required by Khan Academy.
My vim config
Temporary copy of https://code.google.com/p/bastmush/ , nothing to see here, go over there.
monkeypatched fork of comptypes to support faster WMI access
\N
This is a copy of the JNLua repository over on http://code.google.com/p/jnlua/

test fork from svn googlecode to git


A simple HTTP server, largely an exercise in Go handlers.

This is a practice Ruby project using cucumber for web-site testing

Test GitHub

Solutions to short programming challenges from http://reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer
Helper-app for beekeepers.

Xamarin Android Query Class inspired by AndroidQuery
Create a demo chat app using SocketIO and NodeJS
A toy variant implementation I felt like writing.
Just a Repo used to test code and learn github
The up & coming version of victorlourng.com - COMING SOON!




my first repo
repo for my cloud pebble apps

git demo
It's gonna blow your mind

A fork of the WordPress Simple Colorbox plugin
dotfiles

test
Mirror of  vim-scripts /c.vim version 6.1
A small program that grabs forum titles every minute
vim rc files and configurations
rails tutorial


Simple tool to download videos from edX-based sites

Launch Academy rails challenge. TDD and no scaffolding.
my resume


practice in webGL & common gamedev 
Sample code that shows how to embed a youtube video player in an Objective-c application using UIWebViews

dotfiles
Proof of concept before forking Angular-Client-Side-Auth-Master
This is an initial step to practice Python and Git 
A simple tool to help you relax on your Couch.
personal website source code
android developer's first sample application
A simple, yet beautiful, code highlighter for WordPress.
vim configuration
Coming up with simple calculator application from scratch in WPF
a collection of my dotfiles for easy cloning
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo app
First website that's not personal. Incorporates LESS

Just a testing repository.
A collection of post install scripts for configuring security, development environments, and servers on debian. Just here to make things easier. Free Software Only.


android tutorial
This is an open source project of using Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) in milton

Initial testing repository

A basic application to look for ppl to share cabs with. Has minimum functionality with FB oauth. Frontend uses bootstrap.
Modern, clean, and customizable Question2Answer theme

The most basic anonymous online game. My first side project with AJAX tech.

A simple jQuery plugin for date selection.
my operating system test

Test Node.js
a simple solar system in HTML and CSS, based on the one on Codecademy. This one includes a moon.

the first app for rails tutorial

An example for creating the zoom effect of the photo present in Icarousel view.
Code example of  Volley Framework for HTTP requests.
The day I saw you and we met each other

Website for FulPruf




learn php
Landing page for smoke test of new app
just learning git
This repo has all my (Java) projects related to graphs

collaborative repository to practice coding.

Web based application to create and alter basic operations on AWS EC2 instances.
A collection of additional tasks for Phing
Creating a particle system in C++ for learning purposes.  Uses SDL2 for graphics.
An infinity based theme for Conky.
First project with bootstrap
first version. the format of elements is (int, int). Simplest hash function, just %.
Various configuration files
Example to show org.pm4j in JavaFX


ReactiveCocoa and ReactiveViewModel demo


Altium design directory template
A sample application which demonstrates how to use JAX-RS to expose OIM information RESTFully
The test app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
For WDI PW2 work



Template project for testing out Javascript vNext (ECMAScript 6 aka "Harmony") via the Google Traceur Compiler with a simple Express service.
AngularJS Simple Cart Implementation


A small collaboration with users of http://codegolf.stackexchange.com.

my dot emacs
New SQYBI.com with Django. Notice that the RoR version is deprecated!
A simple bookmarklet to show/hide text on a webpage, revealing the design underneath

All my spoj work
Super simple javascript UI to make it easier to manage really long URLs
An Example code with custom bundle, REST,OAuth,API Documenation,FOSUser
STM32 USB-HID demo project, and utilitities

simple neural net with ansi c
A port of the Hyde Jekyll theme to Statamic
Simple to use DB handler for PHP
my blog site

Mirror of vim-latex from Sourceforge
The demo app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Sample Repository for Git EXP
A fork of the WordPress TwentyThirteen Theme
A sample Google Glass app using the Glass API
Just a little test-repository. The files in this repo are not meant to be used in any way (and mostly don't work).

I am a demo


bread products website 
Source code
Sublime Text config files
Project 1 for Stanford University Objective-C course

The Flask framework step by step tutorial codes.


Fizz Buzz PHP



source code for html 


This ist just a small game, written by myself in c.
A child theme used to test the development of the Thematic theme
iOS scroll view demo app
My Public Page

my user page
A demo of how to use the SubscriptionBundle
A dropbox for small commandline tools and scripts I build. Many for media management like image resizing or server admin, but otherwise a random grab-bag of unrelated stuff. Linux + OSX shortcuts. In git so I can find them again next year.
Basic robots.txt generator plugin for Hexo


Boilerplate template for grunt based projects
Documentation and examples for an introductory workshop about Boost
Arduino Scrolling 8x8 LED matrix example with library

My tools


Small script which adapt the brightness of the screen with your web cam.
CoderByte Programming Challenges
Very simple events plugin built for developers in mind using Bootstrap 3 markup

A collection of useful javascript helpers, again.

This repository will house R code for some programming exercises in a class on Computational Statistics. When I was taking this class, I often thought stumbling upon a repo like this would have been helpful. The work here is largely my own, but obviously 
Contains examples for CDI using producer methods.
C++ Templates - The Complete Guide
Example showing use of shoe, dnode and browserify to render cross-browser web page
Python introduction tutorial with some sample application
fork from http://sourceforge.net/projects/opascalscript/


Documentation for the Statamic CMS in Dash Docset format 
BWTheme - A simple and beautiful theme for Webmin and Usermin made using Bootstrap and Font Awesome
Example of mapping PHP Objects to relational database tables using Symfony2 and Doctrine
This is the sample application for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial by Michael Hartl (http://michaelhartl.com/)
Just a collection of my research related ipython Notebooks

Ubuntu Server Guide
Documentation for the Internet Archive S3 API


Simple example of a Java ClassLoader that forcibly reloads from disk each class instance
A movie-like Matrix rain / scroll

Created by studio
script of R for learning purposes

My personal github page

This is a simple python script to automate the molecular dynamics and minimisation protocols with gromacs. Current version can perform minimisations of protein-ligand complex only
Implementation example of Spring-Hateoas (client wich consume and expose RESTful HATEOAS Service)Source from my article : http://bewilcox.blogspot.fr/2013/12/generer-lexposition-de-vos-entites-jpa.html
LightStor Standard Documentation
Lego Mindstorms EV3 hacking, documentation + list of projects.

SharePoint 2007/2010/2013 PowerShellscript to copy user permissions on all specified sites/subsites

Coursework for CS 590 - Computational Microeconomics. Taught by Vince Conitzer, Duke University, Spring 2014. 



template for wolfe projects 

An example project using Grunt with a Magento theme
Mandelbrot calculation example with go-lang
Code Practice in Java(Still Updating)
Sample api client for Diffbot.com. This is just sample with one api call to article api of diffbot.Shared just for demo.

A clone of casper, the default theme in ghost
these are small scripts that I have written to perform certain scientific computing tasks, namely for a course I have taken on quantitative economics
jQuery to add active css style once you scroll to specified anchor.
dot files



Notes and example implementations of design patterns in JavaScript



Some exercises taken from http://adriann.github.io/programming_problems.html

A collection of Twig tools and extensions
Documentation for the Trapper project



Documentation wiki for using AppWarp On-Premise
Various for-fun scripts and projects
My github pages repository.
Small application for Android what helps people learn multiply table. Made it for Android101 course
Personal Site
School Project - Create a tool that displays information about the disk
Demo of recoupling a decoupled project. Effective likelihoods and template parametrizations are hosted on the web.
Tempbox. A demo app showing UserApp, Python and AngularJS running together.
Generate LateX contracts for my freelance consulting business from a client.yml file

Example code for personal use from the book Node in Action.
The first app for the Ruby on Rails tutorial
Austin Perspectives jekyll site.
This was a school assignment.
Set of screens that can be used to perform regression tests of operator interface.
Python 
Clone this and correct the jQuery errors!
A small log for all the coffee I taste
The result of completing the django tutorial
A small app, that's used in the Ruby Tutorial.
Creation of a simple blog
docker files
place to test tools
Java / Spring 3 experiment. A simple CRUD system employing Hibernate, application layering, controller exception handling and tiles composite views.

Documentation and Resources for the Minecraft Mod Station
Simple Sublime Text extension to implement Ctrl/Command-0 function to restore edit window font size to user-defined default.
My final project for Python course
repo for recipe storage
Installs Ruby 2.x on Ubuntu 12.0.4.LTS from the Brightbox Ruby NG PPA.


vim dotfiles
Template I use to start my scala projects.
Rails Demo App
Example of animation using CABasicAnimation("position" and "rotation") and layers
This is a singly linked list implemented in C for my own personal practice. 

Projects I created in my free time
Trying to get League of Legends stats GUI up and running. Personal use only so far
Programming Practice
My Jekyll blog, hosted on Github-pages
Just testing Github Pages
AngularJS demo with Browserify.

Source code for TerpTasker


PhoneGap Tutorial
A notification-daemon fork supporting more options
Changes to log when an app is in the foreground/background
Contains the TI-BASIC program called "HANOI"
A set of packages for the concrete5 content management system used by the ITM web site


The documentation for the Bootstrapper package
Test repository
All other codes that are done for courseworks and personal fun
My dotfiles
Scraping the web is fun actually
First attempt at a web page, with Rails.
My (own) Sheltie Pedigree project written in Java generating all HTML from an XML, no database.

Saves state against an entity in MongoDB with simple constants and helper methods
A personal theme for my ghost application.
A simple Pinball game using C++ and OpenGL
A small helper module for image galleries in WordPress, using ACF.
Sample Code for Spring LWHS Device Invention Class
A TELCO company interview (my first one) exercise - CRC, bit operations and more.
Distributed project management using dcf files
Store data in local storage
The content files for the LCDM website at the University of Illinois.
The future home of my new website.
Textpattern files and styles for carloscuellar.net
a backup of the main site

TDD Webdev for Python exercises
packaging metadata for the freemarker preprocessor template engine
Practice of Bruce Molay's book on Unix/Linux programming.
Pre-course Exercises
My first push to github
A small app to follow the progress of the family BCS pool.

configuration files




An example registration handler for setting up Salesforce with OpenID Connect
A simple versioning system that works delightfully well on MS-DOS


personal blog
This repo is just testing the github streak strategy
Sample C++ Code:  Nonlinear Optimization Library  (includes a 3rd-Party FORTRAN library)

Weightable, new and improved
The sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Implementation of my solution to the problem of image-based location recognition using binary descriptors.


Dating Python - A quick start guide to Python programming



A simple little android application which demonstrates how to intermingle some of today's most interesting technologies in the Android ecosystem: Dagger, Otto, android-priority-jobqueue, gradle and lightORM. All wrapped up in a neat MVC pattern. Nothing f
Account Github page.
This repository accompanies the Tuts+ course PHP OOP Fundamentals
TestCoin for testing purpose
A simple plug-in for jQuery mobile which adds content to a list.
just test the facedetect function
DB Course Desktop Client + SQL Server Side

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

Single Page Nav is a light-weight and simple to use jQuery plugin
Std theme atweb

Simple module to send emails in background using oorq

collection of simple ios-samples
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Zipios++ is a java.util.zip-like C++ library for reading and writing Zip files. Access to individual entries is provided through standard C++ iostreams. A simple read-only virtual file system that mounts regular directories and zip files is also provided.
First WebGL-Dart experiment
these are short scripts that I have written in C++/C (mostly C++) , for a course called "Problem Solving with C++"... there are also the solutions to www.programming-challenges.com

Development
Prezi Notes on Google Glass during presentation
Simple Grid with paging and search for Play Framework 2 based on Bootstrap
My final year project for University. A tool for teachers to be able to easily create multiple choice test for their students.

small programs
Repository for me learning web design
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

test repository
test application first assignment
FSOLA - First Steps Of Learning Algorithms
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Experiments with Hoeffding inequality, feasibility of learning from sample data


Basic Ruby Control Panel

I posted the rants at 2pm on 2 Jan 2014 - got a suspicious email at 4:20pm same day
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
A basic scorm tracking plugin for Adapt

learning to use git

An example of a basic solution setup for a brand new application.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Mirror of git://anongit.freedesktop.org/git/pixman
My Weechat scripts
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Something to demo git use in class
my personal page
RFRateMe will help you promote your iPhone/iPad app without irritating your users. It's very simple to install, use and configure (If you need to change the default behavior).
Example plug-ins for GammaRay
Pelican starter theme to be used with theme inheritance, see https://github.com/getpelican/pelican/issues/1092 & https://github.com/getpelican/pelican/pull/1327.
A proof-of-concept job board written in Python using the Flask framework, mongoengine and hosted on Heroku
Read-only mirror of "rmetrics" from r-forge SVN.
Keller's Personal Game/Engine
xgl emacs setting

Read-only mirror of "countreg" from r-forge SVN.
A set of Emacs color themes based on Chris Kempson's 'tomorrow' themes
Tanmay Patel's Personal Website. Providing a hub to get connected with Tanmay Patel, get his updates, shares and be a part of his network.
A clone of Gameboy Tetris using HTML5 canvas written in javascript.
Working through some stuff in Haskell. Dangerously close to writing my own monad tutorial. They're like a burrito, man.

Sublime Text 2 config files
Github mirror of  MediaWiki extension GlobalContributions - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing
Fork of Pyglet to provide OpenGL Core functionality on Mac OS-X. Please use the official repository unless you require these changes.
swip is a SIP web phone working through a java applet. This is a fork() from sipappletjava.
A thin wrapper around the JavaScript Cytoscape Web library for Google Web Toolkit
ABAP Code sample
a simple blog made with rails
redirects to personal site
Paystation example in C++ from Flexible, Reliable Software, by H.B. Christensen
Example Android app demonstrating possible use of RxJava
Various scripts I use

Mirror of http://drupal.org/project/panels_tabs provided by hubdrop.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
An easy way to include all files within a directory. Note: This is a fork of felixge's require-all which allows for optional includes.
A simple python program for solving Mastermind
My Blog source
Nokia Education Delivery documentation
Simple Example showing how to track a conversation, including specific types (such as AV calls)
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A very simple concurrent id generater
A Python Turtle program I created
:video_game: A list of popular/awesome videos games, add-ons, maps, etc. hosted on GitHub. Any genre. Any platform. Any engine.
Demo site for my session at DrupalDownUnder 2012
\N
Mirror of internal repository for TestTracker.

(DEPRECATED) My first html game start.
This is a collection of useful Oracle SQL and shell scripts that I frequently use
Some exercices
Clone of the "Entity operations" Drupal module
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
a simple spread-spectrum based informed watermarking implementation in MATLAB
deprecated
Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/ad_google_maps/. Updated daily with svn2git.
gap proxy clone from code.google.com/gapproxy
My dotfiles and assorted other home directory related configurations.
vim setting
collection of ruby util scripts
PostBin, a simple web service for testing WebHooks (HTTP POST requests).
A mirror of the official Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup source code repository, updated daily. Please direct all pull requests to the official repository on Gitorious.
Just a little Galaga clone written in Java.
An extensible IRC bot written in Python. Mostly functions as a testing ground for playing with Python.
A minimal online chatroom implemented using HTML5's Websockets with a Ruby back end.   It's pretty basic right now, and probably won't be useful to many people.
My dotfiles
Configuration files for stuff I use.
Django simple checkout app designed to work well with django-cart (but won't require it)


WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

Project Euler solutions.....
My Resume in LaTeX
A simple web based school management system.
Win32 code example to list all the imports within the executable, very useful aid to understanding PE executables and the API calls they are trying to use from various DLL's.
My emacs24 text editor configuration
This mirror is not being updated, and will be deleted.
No longer supported see - https://github.com/meh/ruby-tesseract-ocr
All sample projects, which belong to my posts on blog.volger.org
A small, fast and simple 3D scene graph vector engine for JavaScript based on the HTML 5 canvas technology
collection of scripts I use to handle locales at Diaspora
