An example project that uses the Heroku OpenResty buildpack.
Basic structure for a REST client using the Silex microframework to consume the sample https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestServer  For documentation review please go to https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestClient/wiki
Some posts in Russian

Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/mfc_canonical/. Updated daily with svn2git.
This is a fork of Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) from http://www.nrl.navy.mil/itd/ncs/products/core  A description from the project page: "The Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) is a tool for emulating networks on one or more machines. You can con
from SchiShu had to seriously mod some stuff and have more to do its a wip
A very simple Rails 3 sample app using my fork of the Paths of Glory achievement system gem.
A collection scripts for android and linux
Conduit interface for cryptographic operations (from crypto-api).
simple statsd library and CI spark
My vimfiles
The example files for Building Android Apps with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
My home directory dotfiles, bin files, etc.

The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
A small, lightweight twitter client
The project consists in an Android application that can be used by employees in a restaurant to handle the clients, their orders and can help them easily find free tables or place orders. This is only a demo application, created mainly for proof of proper
My personal config files.
An embedded HTTP server for performing queries and gestures
Script to convert Logs from Amazon S3 to CLF
A port of my hlbsp project (rendering BSP v30 files from Halflife and it's mods (expecially CS 1.6)) to JS and WebGL (It's currently a project for school)
for ios app
Github mirror of "operations/debs/python-phabricator" - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing
log4cxx  mirrored http://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/incubator/log4cxx/trunk
Wordpress theme for S2A website



A collection of practice exams for exams in core curriculum CS courses at RIT.
Clans/Teams Plugin for Minecraft Bukkit Servers, NOTE: This project has now been split into 2 projects, TeamCraft(basic team structures and commands) https://github.com/Satrosity/TeamCraft and KingdomCraft (addon to TeamCraft, will have area commands, sco
Only for testing purpose
[deprecated] can be replace with v2 of i18next
Simple Maven project of a CodeKata in which you simply wrap a string by inserting line breaks after a certain number of characters (columns).
Documentation of the Guild Wars 2 Archive file (gw2.dat)
Demo project for trying out Java annotation processing
:house_with_garden: configuration files commonly found in one's home directory (.bashrc, .vimrc, etc), customized to my personal preferences
A british set of libraries + widgets for dealing with colour
Clean Yeti Basic WordPress Theme
BuildGen is a cross-platform build script generator. It reads simple configuration files and creates an output such and an IDE project or a Makefile. 
A collection of personal SlackBuilds.
Documentation bundled with KISS IDE
Collection of salt state files for use and testing
GNOME 3 extension to create a new application instance with the wheel button.
NOTE: maya2renderer is moved to https://github.com/maya2renderer/maya2renderer
Example of a scalable robotframework test suite, following the example at http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/tools-and-tips/get-test-infected-with-selenium-2/ but using RobotFramework
A cookbook that provide recipes to set printers to node

SortAlgorithms java

My VIM configuration & plugins
\N
odoo afr module
This is a test to work on repo configurations
Small helper script for exporting MySQL databases.

An adoption of my e4 contacts demo for GWT, using the GWT MVP architecture with activities, places, event bus, etc.
USE THE UPSTREAM GIT REPO INSTEAD http://root.cern.ch/git/root.git or here https://github.com/root-mirror/root. Mirror of CERN's ROOT svn repository, updates are run hourly. master branch is svn trunk. Branch branches/dev is suppossed to be a set of branc
Simple text editor written in C++ and wxWidgets 2.8
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
my vim config files
A 3D first person environment demo
An experimental repo for a web based interactive Dart tutorial.
Example code for my Art of Hibernate Optimization talk
Some OBD code for Python. Old and crappy, but putting it here in case I need it again.
Todoist.com backup
My attempts at solving Project Euler problems
On-the-fly documentation
Personal Website
collection of scripts for personal use!
my dotfiles



KSP Interstellar Near Future Integration which is a Fork of Boris-Barboris/KSPInterstellar



Nim Bindings for Simple and Fast Multimedia Library (through CSFML)

Personal website / blog / notes.

nodejs on AWS, practice project
My personal website with blog



screme binaries for iOS/OSX
Basic repo to get started using clojure in heroku


demo-demo


Old repo for my personal portfolio site. No longer updated.
Personal website

testing
The code for my personal website- www.vineetk.com

List of coding resources. 
a simple to-do-list using jquery


This is a Test Repository
(FINISHED) :computer: My first NW.js app. Just for test (I was bored and anxious of learning something new)
This is a test repo




Personal Site for Matt Gerstman
Repository for playing around with code from The Haskell Road to Logic Math and Programming



Small tool to determine OS Version
I wrote my resume in LaTeX based on the one by Alessandro Plasmati <https://www.sharelatex.com/templates/cv-or-resume/professional-cv>.

A collection of "Coming Soon" templates
Swift Conventions and Style Guide

Core library that is used by my other mods

My personal list of essential packages for Arch Linux

Misc. collection of c++ programs illustrating the capabilities of the language.

Just a job board website.
a small game using pygame
This is a project created to make web development more simple, I think there are a lot of duplication in web development. If we can abstract the common part as module and next time with some providing configuration file like(XML, YAML etc), we can generat
A simple wrapper for localconfig that allows for reading config from a remote server
Collection of personal coding projects. They may or may not grow into individual projects.
A zelda clone in c# console.
Demo Wordpress 

An open gl test project
These are my bash and zsh profile files.
Programming assignments done in any MOOC
A repo where I learn, play and experiment new things. Currently: Git and Jasmine and MarionetteJS.
CO318 network programming 2 course 1st group project ( With Kanchana Gamage )

Tutorial Ruby on Rails Application
Generate Wiki pages in Confluence following provided page structure

My first Minecraft mod.
Personal files for my VPS
Example Android application for accessing RPC and Portals APIs
The classical todo example in various frameworks, basically for learning and demo purpose.



/* I decided to start this new year, playing with Java. I will use this class later for a clock component */


Lagunamental blog
All of my answers to the problems at Project Euler.


linux thread learning and practice project


My Resume/Portfolio
some exercises from .js roadtrip on Code School
My first github repository
Simple Payroll system implemented using Ruby on Rails


A working example of using the Facebook iOS and Facebook Android Components with Xamarin Forms
Just my dotfiles
A simple notebook with 1 page 

Code for Udemy php contact form lesson


https://www.leafac.com

Practice App that builds Cellular Automatons
Just for testing Git
Tutorial for Django List

server

A small Java program that enables you to open a window on your default browser.
A project I'm gonna do just for fun.
Welcoming myself to Github!
my first repository
say hello to github


A basic implementation of common pathfinding algorithms
My code and Fritzing schematics from going through the Arduino starter kit.

my first github program










new Repository

Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015.
sample
Like Google Cal
Puppet manifest for setting up new machines


I want to create a small billing system for restaurants as a mini project 

Test Project
Working example of jakewharton's dagger+butterknife demo app
Sample Repository created to learn Git
Java source following The Cherno's Game Programming tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFYT7Lqt1h8&list=PLlrATfBNZ98eOOCk2fOFg7Qg5yoQfFAdf





just my first github
This is my first file test.
write a test project
learn how to clone a repository form remote repository
Based on OneMonthRails tutorial, building a Ruby web app

AdKiT Basic Version for web development
This is an assignment for Calgary University GSWL
git test for Ubuntu 14.04
docker repo
A very simple Vagrant box for Rails development
RoR Tutorial 3

simple app

Some code to start learning new functionality in Java 8
happy school days

Final Project Wireless Systems and Networks course
Testing the github.io and Jekyll



First repository based on tutorial guide
clone of https://code.google.com/p/webiopi
I made this project for secret chat application among my friends.





A small python script that controls a DSLR to take up to 31 pictures for HDR processing
Sample project testing
MITx course on Computational Thinking and Data Science
Multilingual version of qooxdoo
A simple launcher for Wine which converts regular Unix paths to Wine paths (Z:\\). Use it in your .desktop files.
Website for Neon Family Church

this repository is used to learn git
practice and learn the Django python web framework
Awesome Space Storage Inventory Management

Python script used in my project ROBOCar which won the "Best Project Award of 2013"at  aDAVitya 13, DAVIET's technical fest.

A python version of simple implementation of matlab. Used for familiarizing with pylab.

test for clone
Simple server & client applications in Ruby.
Basic To Do reminder app for iOS 8



This is core java project for testing my core java apis
test repo

learning to use the Django web framework along with Ubuntu.
A basic config reader in go



Small Examples that add value to scripts
Simple todo list.
test repo.
An HTML game
My first git program
Coffee Script course
Simple Android App which will calculate the checksum for a 9-digit ISBN fragment

My First Repository
A collection of Docker base images
system

The Ambta MVCEngine is an engine that lets developers build Model, View, Control applications in PHP. The engine is compact and only provides the basic rendering. It is scalable, flexible and easy to use.



The VDBA documentation.
Just some stuff
Example gulp project
Small tweaks in Wordpress as mu-plugins

R-programming materials and assignments from the coursera data science specialization

test project jenkins
learning git
This is my First repository made for experimental purposes only

PHP MessDetector ruleset for Magento 1.X
Nuevo Repo
Collection of all problem solving practices that I do.
Uyghur Language Processing Guide for Developers
A small Perl script to fetch availability stats from Pingdom.



This is mu first sample test repository
my first maven jsf project



Basic App



Just my experiments with Haskell

The Java code for LeetCode
test desc
First Ruby on Rails App
a config file and skin for atom.io

my first github repository

Application for a simple lottery draw made using cordova for multi device targeting .
REST Javascript Example App for OpenAM
This is the first repository, to test how works github
Project for testing Kundera and CMT JTA
These are two badly written Arduino source code files for my own personal use. One will be reading information from a joystick and transmitting that information by radio (eventually, for now it's just over a wire) to another arduino board which will parse
A first try to a HTML helper for simple tables

simple python script to get a list of jobs and their status and store in sqlite database


java on centos as docker images
Learning C and OpenGL

a school project
http://juntao.gitbooks.io/3-web-designs-in-3-weeks/ by juntao
A collection of algorithms and functions written for PHP

Learning to work with Rails engines. An engine made out of the inbox functionality in the MailServer Project.

Nodabba Source 




Nodabba Source 
fork of http://www.policyd-weight.org 
Examples for the Java Programming Basics course


Hey my first repository! I finally understood what repository means ;P




Custom program in Go lang
noInfoPath formview module
assets manage system
This is my first GIT repo as I try to get more into version control
My first repository on GitHub


Base namespace package for test cases.
bash and python scripts
A small 10 mintue text adventure crafted in python
Launch Academy rails challenge
The Learn Rails tutorial


Course work for NNIIT

A quick start code & guide for using Spring Boot and build a simple REST API from ground up in few minutes
My first repo
MySQL project from CS class
A collection of themes for Tumblr
A small program for our stap project.

test sample of pluralsight intro to node.js

My dotfiles

Assignments for Coursera's Cryptography I course by Dan Boneh
A simple and specific script I wrote that looks at an input text file for Names and Email addresses and builds an output text file using tab delimited columns for Firstname Surname and Email Address fields.


Hello World Tutorial

photo's organizer and backup

2015 Kidozen demo of a vendors CRM application

A simple goal tracker for personal goals such as numeric (weight, read book and so on), boolean made it or not and more. Written in node.js / express / twitter bootstrap / UI framwork TBD

Copy of PHP-SRC updated with a fix for read/write timeouts on openssl extension. Branches exist for the latest stable release of 5.5.20 and 5.6.4   I can add additional branches if requested. NOTE: These changes have been merged into the current 5.5, 5.6,
My simple BAggage LIst app's Web API
Some animated demos for stats class
A simple catchy layout for your online resume
A Project for learning Programming in any language and script, your mothertongue.
BurJS is a small and easy to use framework for building client side applications and lets you bind all your favorite libraries together.
my useful config and tools
Working directory of  Physics bachelor students of the University of  Amsterdam following an Astronomy-Astrophysics workshop

A simple to use progress bar in python.

An example site using the new asp.net identity.
This is a repo of my engineer's thesis. All rights belong to Lodz University of Technology. 

this is my first repo.
Just to see how this all works
Just a test to be sure everything is set up and working correctly
project

This template will help members familiar with the environment.
backup timeline

various config files
docker,event,etcd,python
This repository contains a java program which read pdf file with tesseract ocr and add the recognized text to the pdf in order to get a searchable pdf file.

Source code for my old personal portfolio website
Contains some Web IDL files of scraped specifications.
basic web theme for my profile and noBlackMagic.com
Unturned 2.2.5 modified Client

Example of round wearables clipping custom notifications

Sample app from Michael Hartl's Ruby On Rails Tutorial
TinyXML fork

Github tutorial

Learning PHP w/ treehouse tutorial - integrates Paypal shopping cart (CSS and images not mine)

QA Repository





Create simple node-webkit desktop applications without hassle. It isn't intented to replace big user interface frameworks but to make easier and quicker the creation process of small consistent cross-platform apps.
My dotfiles
Demo site for ripienaar/travlrmap


Personal Portfolio Website

A (basic) Polymer based arc layout web-component.
Hexo Source for
 Configurations of various applications (e.g. nginx, memcached, W3TC, etc.) on small vps server powering my wordpress site..
Compilation of school programming projects from 2014 onwards
Basic PHP Template For Iron Worker

whyyyy is learning git so hard lol
a simple extendible text-editor that is open-source under the GPL2 licence

personal program reposit.

The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial

Git repository for demo
Some basic cryptology functions
A basic Grunt file which can be modified for any project
A small chrome extension to display and keep track of tabs count across all windows.
A small guide to help those looking to hire a developer or designer for iOS work. While tailored for iOS, many questions could be used for Android developers or designers as well. A great self-test if you're looking to keep current or practice for your ow


My OSX and Ubuntu configs for vim, tmux, etc.
this is the first time using github
Example for the meteor-highstock package
Weather Forecaster is a simple weather application I am creating following the trick and tips of the Sunchine Udacity application.Enjoy! :)
Strip unmatched fields from an object based on a schema object
Classic Arcade Game Clone
Service Classifre for KDD's 99 Dataset, which split both training and test datasets based on service names on new files
How to use robotiky brain

Simple PHP function which checks the price of given SMS number.
my blog


Little repository to play with Git
Source for my Blockheads Inventory Hack

Improving our QA process from complicated Google Spreadsheets to a simple app.
My research project using dynamic oscillation model to detect overlapping community structure in complex networks.

Bunch of ruby utility scripts
Sample popup modal

Project for training integration
My home page


Testing the CodeDeploy solution on AWS
"Iteadstudio" Duel Relay & Mosfet Shield,Comes with a pretty useless library for checking each parts functionality,here is a slightly better one I wrote.(turns on and off each relay and mosfet with delays)

Ruby on Rails Tutorial
setting vpn and secure mail
Java port of an old Amiga Basic program I typed in back in the 80's
Processing audio example edit
My github tutorial
This is Just a experimental Repository
Personal website for Jack Manser
My first repository on GitHub
My first steps in programming
Thiis Repository has useless codes.It's just a uni. project.

Test repository

Landing page for Ben Brandt's Github Profile
My Vim configuration
test repository
karma clone
Basic API wrapper for Google Analytics.


projects for this class
New SEG  Importer


For Practice
With inspiration from the widely used replay analysis tool, Sc2gears comes CSGOgears for detailed CS:GO replay analysis.
Buildcraft Pack. Snakes look like pipes. Cobra starts with a C.
This is the code I used to make my avatar. 
A simple digital clock made with HTML, CSS and JS.
Machine Learning Explorations - A list of machine learning resources
just a repository
A simple example to extend authentication plugin Revive Adserver
Super-Simple jQuery plugin which finds the tallest child in a given container and sets its height on all the other children. 
Floppy Bird, a sound-activated clone of Flappy Bird
Projet Android 2014-2015
Source code from Tien Nguyen's tutorial.
Having most of my version control experience in TFS and BitBucket, this is a test project to familiarize myself with GitHub.
just playing around

Private testing repository.
Open Source Model Railway Control system
Super-Simple jQuery plugin which finds the tallest child in a given container and sets its height on all the other children. 
FRC 2015 robototes robot code.

Notes on SF2: Hyper Fighting to potentially work on cps2
first ruby app
testing out the GitHub pages https://phlorianakos.github.io/hello_world
SASS Framework from tutsplus course
Sample R package
This package is deprecated in favor of https://github.com/astronomerio/meteor-astronomer
DEPRECATED! USE MDCSS INSTEAD! PHP Styleguide.


Code for the current 2015 Team 2836 Robot
More or less an example module of common tasks for Drupal 8
Testing with My First Repo
Generates sample projects from a Github repository with some added user configuration

Simple 3.3V power source for Raspberry Pi pheripherials. Power source can be switched on/off using one of Raspberry Pi GPIOs
Material to be distributed for AMath 574, Winter Quarter 2015 at the University of Washington
This simple JS Module previews the uploaded images, before the actual upload of files
Dot files!

A curated list of awesome Deep Learning projects tutorials and communities.
A dumping place for various fonts I decide to tinker with.
Dashboard for small private servers

Create and send a simple text message

Supporting files for testing index sizes post-ingest
All of my dotfiles
new project
Projet de stage 2014-2015 (Node.js)
Notes and testing from Udacity's How to Use Git and GitHub class
My personal website 
Tutorial from - https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-real-time-scheduling-app-using-angularjs-and-firebase
The Odin Project: Javascript/JQuery


Just a rep-rap-fap test



Simple ruby script to query OMDB and add years to movie filenames.

All kind of test stuff
A Team Fortress 2 territory control map.
The result of Club Mate and some spare time for the Elm language.
Node.js server for REST api to control my home automation project
A scientific calculator coded in Java. This calculator includes all the basic functions and many other useful operations such as slope, line length, midpoint, median, mode, mean, cubic root, vector, range calculations as well as binary to decimal conversi
My first game
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
cd repository test 01
Simple PHP class for fetching Twitter feeds.
Wedding Site for best friend

Code + Tutorials on computer science related topics. Hobby while in school studying CS, but may be informative to some...
Tutorial Ruby on Rails
A basic repository for playing with git
Tracks UI navigation state for both button- and pointer-based devices.

Database System Projects for Spring 2013 at University at Buffalo
OpenUI5 App to control my home automation system

George Mason Speaker's Page

Azure Active Directory Registration Demo
Tidy datasets created from the Government of Canada's Open Data portal.
Just a website showcasing my work and examples
data visualization & representation, fordham college at lincoln center, fall 2015.
My first repository
A very simple script that adds CR to hunks in a diff, so it can be applied using patch to files with CRLF line terminators 
My personal feedreader for sites that don't provide feeds - V2 for Android 5.0
My Octopress blog
https://github.com/samratashok/nishang


Just learning for a personal project
Simple todo app made with angular on local storage.
Application from itcareer.pl contest
Create a list of Software Engineering topics so that I can divide them among the 4 SE courses that we teach in our Software Development concentration.
A very small and quick jQuery Demo for learning purposes. 
Main Repository for Coding Ground
Repo for Calvin College 2015 Interim course "Learning from Data"

Practice code in java and javascript
Blog

JasmineSugar example project.
A small project in PHP development.

Just another repository
A simple checkers webapp for learning git and how to make a python webapp
A catalog of the books available in the unofficial library at my university that I started.
Clone of the C++ bank app in C#
Winter 2015 session of ART341 at Portland State University

primo repository
site

A layout library written in Ruby.
Friendly fork of the GeneralUser GS soundfont. (FluidSynth version)
this is a test repo
numerical methods for PDEs final project, Columbia University, fall 2014
Sample demonstrating how to expose and simple consumption of events on a C# interface.
collecting game art for projects
My personal boilerplate for FrontEnd Development
Off-season testing was done on one of our spare drivetrains from the 2014 season. New classes to generate polynomials and bezier curves for the robot to follow were created. Testing of the Command Based Template worked out well. We will switch to that for
A simple shell script for managing your forgettinGTD structure. For details see https://github.com/forget-it/forgettinGTD-cli/wiki
CS 271 Program files Fall 2013 OSU
A simple visualization of the Mandelbrot set
Yet another very old project that I want to save from hit.bg 
A repository which hosts the great contents of opensecuritytraining.info - for people who for some reason can not download the content from the original website, and for distribution's sake.



Odoo8 Source
A simple utility for managing a pool of resources (e.g. servers) polling against a service and conserving work
Fork of JMDodd's Mark My Favorites for Buddypress
my personal website
CS619 ProjectRemote Version




Simple barcode based item catalog, written in Python
A collection of scripts used for a project.
Just a testing repo.
New to this community, I hope to explore the vast world of programming


Basic tax calculating app.
I think this is required to make my public page.
Source Code, Tutorials, and Notes for  *Interactive Sound + Vision* course. 
This is a basic Rails app to test Judge Gem

version 2.0 of my cello subdomain. Now with 100% more Jekyll
Collection of personal config scripts for development

Rust testing tutorial.
My personal website. Built with node.js, express.js, and bootstrap. Live at kazarin.me

An assignment from the first C++ course in the major. It's a linked list based file-comparison tool. See readme for more details.

A collection of CS/Software Engineering Projects created
BYU ECEn 360 Electromagnetics - Winter 2015
Random applications used for learning purposes
frontend-nanodegree-resume

Simple API Wrapper in Erlang based on tutorial: http://vimeo.com/59832641
Common R packages I like





Azure Websites Deployment Demo
From my mac to Github public account



The missing JS library to create MS Word documents from NodeJs or IOJS apps

BlackJack Game as final project in Intro to Ruby, Lesson 1
Doing the How to use a content provider Udacity class: https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud258/
New Year Game Jam
Practice Repo for Scala

A simple historical stock price plotter made with matplotlib library in Python. Can be run from command line.

My Little Resume

My personal website
My personal config for the Friendly Interactive Shell

Tests, schemas, and documentation for the Flow Base Programming Network Protocol
Test repository
Learning Python
I should make this into a generator of some kind
Programming a PIC32 microcontroller- Ethernet Starter Kit

A small Node.js script that finds product ingedients
A simple Python parser program for data from analytics.twitter.com

A static site developed to display my CV using HTML5 and CCS3


Collection of my various scripts for Blender

hella simple todo app built with angular + firebase
Challenging but I am just regular in JS.
Web API backend for rephraseit application
Simple engine for creating plugin-driven applications
This is a simple game I created using JavaScript to test the reaction time of clicking on a shape after it appears on the screen.
A copy of all posts that go on to the site (and drafts).
Supplemental problems written for CSC-161 at Grinnell College

Parts for my customized pinball machine

Doomsday algorithm practice
This is my code when i'm on university. I built it to learning Java.

This sample shows you how to add a DebugSettings flyout into the SettingsPane when running under DEBUG in order to clear application data (local, roaming, temporary, local cache, local settings and roamign setting).
a simple example app that shows the ember-cli-simple-store addon in action
iOS8 Swift project for class

Sample FreeBSD kernel module: hello world
Udacity reflections from Github course

Program for finding palindromes in a specified range in a specified positional numeral system by the radix (from 2 to 36).It was a school homework, done at night Jan 2-3, 2015.
Adding first code snippets
Postgresql vagrant configuration for hot standby, backup and cloning
git in practice
vk.com simple bot
Play 2 Java Tutorial

Simple example of a UIPageViewController tutorial screen written in Swift.  
Simple implementation of a crit-bit tree in C
Simple Github release command line tool
Documentation site and example code for using the TwitterOAuth library.
Learning Ember.js
My collection of Ansible roles
2015 FRC robot code for team 2412, the Robototes.
My First ASP.NET MVC5 Study Proejct 




Github mirror of MediaWiki extension SemanticForms - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)


Playing around with React and Material Design
A simple recreation of the iOS toggle switch using CSS
 :school: NMCT BA Project
Project to learn Ruby on Rails 4. (2) Blog Web App. Original code made by @mackenziechild.
A simple theme to get your WordPress site up and running in no time.


Read-only release history for Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Test-Legal
A simple and less-data presale system for hacker events and all other live events.
The sunshine app from the Udacity Course "Developing Android Apps" - added the "L" for Android Lollipop and Material Design.
A new codebase for my personal site.
A pretty-printing library for laying out text in two dimensions, using a simple box model.
Demonstration of null object pattern for presentation
Dead Simple Prototyping Framework for Java
Version UTF-8 de fab

A tutor for learning flexbox


Translation project and CodeCharge Studio IDE.
My entry for the UTGDDC GMD 2015
Formal executable specification for the Rip programming language
A basic functionality clone of instagram that I made during an iOS course I took. Uses parse backend and implements user registration, user authentication, and queries. Includes follower system and user feed system implementation. Also has pop-up alerts, 
An online platform for learning New Testament Greek
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A free software educational application for training elementary school students into basic arithmetic operations
Provides some basic classes to describe the structure of a software project.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

My personal page
Copy of wkhtmltopdf-amd64 binary
[DS @ FMI] A custom FileSystem project for the Data Structures course.
Mirror of http://drupal.org/project/wizard_helper provided by hubdrop.
Ban a player from the server when they die

A small, lightweight framework to implement RESTful Webservices in Scala.
A mirror of the openssd project
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/xenoborg
A collection of board games for the S14 version of 15-251.
Git clone of DeSmuME hosted on SourceForge. Given that no change has been made there since 2015-03-18 this should be up-to-date, but I can't guarantee it :)
Authentication demo for Android clients
Written in Prolog :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye: Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/poddavki
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/droidwall
First test project on github :)
NetHack 4 is an open, community-maintained version of the classic roguelike game NetHack.  This is my working repo for contributing to it.  (If you are looking for the official NH4 repository, see nethack4.org.)
Spring Security and Angular JS:: A tutorial on how to use Spring Security with a single page application with various backend architectures, ranging from a simple single server to an API gateway with OAuth2 authentication.
We are MOVING to a new repo at https://github.com/octothemes/classic-dark
Math Quiz is a simple fun game for those who want to improve their Math skills. This application is targeted to toddlers, babies, young people and those who want to try it out. As of now, this project is just simple but with everybody's collaboration, thi
my blog application source.
A set of experimentation scripts for the WISEBED experiment facilities
Creating a geocoding class. Just because.
A Java helper library I developed to help me in my various personal projects.
some config files in my home directory, like as ".gitconfig", ".bashrc", ".vimrc", etc.

A very small danbooru style image gallery.
\N
\N
\N
An unofficial list of papers accepted to POPL 2013.
DEPRECATED: See scireum/sirius
A fork of 'Basecamp theme' comes from redmine's alternative theme. (sigh)
learning to code a drupal module

Auto-generated sphinix version of the NetworkX website. Since this is an auto-generated directory, please do not submit pull requests against this repository. The actual sources are in the networkx-website repository.

This is my fork, Quark is now at https://github.com/rackerlabs/quark
A simple CMS powered by Google Drive (PHP version)
Small and robust polyfill for the HTML5 placeholder attribut. 

Simple command line tool to log work hours using MongoDB
Image Picker is a simple jQuery plugin that transforms a select element into a more user friendly graphical interface.
A simple plugin that lets you overwrite who the post author is.
A Hailboards 2.0 Theme for phpBB3
The backup repository for the Lootsie Website
Fork of the Fung Institute up-to-date version of the Fleming disambiguation engine


\N

Seven more languages in seven weeks code
An example of implementation of a Module Pattern of Javascript. Leave some comments or questions.
DEPRECATED Transparency Camp by Sunlight Foundation XXX
A simple async template language similair to dustjs and mustache (ported from c9/kernel)
My effort on competitive programming
Bundle for the Doctrine OXM project (deprecated) - use https://github.com/doctrine/DoctrineOXMBundle
Mako based template preproccessor to produce html5boilerplate compliant templates, also includes some small asset management functionality.
This repository contains the fonts created by me.
Deprecated: look at sharadmv/quizbowl
Testes com CSS3 para simular no browser algo parecido com o app Flipboard
Simple sinatra site with a script to check if the Bing API is functioning properly
Configuration files for tools I use (e.g. vim).
blog
Simple SAML IDP server for testing
[DEPRECATED] Fun, fast, secure web development on top of Clojure/Ring


damn simple config file parser for python
simple ToDo list using node.js and MongoDB
Copy of @thomasdavis / backbonetutorials / modular-backbone-updated example with Twitter's bootstrap
My dotfiles
a simple jquery tooltip plugin
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
a mini blog system run on GAE
MIUI v4 Russian Translation
MOVED TO https://bitbucket.org/acoustid/musicbrainz-acoustid
(Deprecated) ElggCollection API
A small Wordpress Gallery
These are some of the set up scripts for my OpenERP cloud
A couple of simple helper classes to help in writing RESTful PHP Libraries.
Swedish translation for the upcoming 2.2 release of Processwire with multi-language support.
Account Control Panel (fork)
microDuke is a simple, standalone, multi-threaded, small web server written in Java.
Database School Project
my dotfiles, tons of customizations that maximizes *nix lazing around
create a static HTML copy of a tumblr blog
Basic tab delimited import function for Wakanda
A fork (from sourceforge svn) of Batuhan Bozkurt's patching interface for SuperCollider
D binding for Redis client `hiredis`
Example Code for Volume Rendering Tutorial

This example codes show you how to add 'do not backup' attribute to your files and directory.
A simple Ruby script to backup the entirety of a GitHub project to a local folder.
Web pages and other files for UW program in Python Programming
Assignments and other work for UW course, Internet Programming in Python
Computer Science Testing System written for the University of Winnipeg
Site dos Projetos do Sistema Aula no Git Hub
My own big js & php adventure!
A small command-line python script that creates a local backup of your Flickr data.  It mirrors images, titles, description, tags, albums and collections.
Create simple editable CMS content blocks in node.js. Wrapper for Create.js CMS framework.
Simple sample of building REST api with JAVA
My .vim
A lightweight, simple to use camera system for your CoronaSDK project.


A MultiWorld/MultiCurrency economy plugin for Craftbukkit * DEPRECATED. Go in http://github.com/greatman/Craftconomy3 *


Some environment stuff: vim settings, bash settings, git settings etc
My blog articles
Small dropin library to translate utf8-strings into offsets in glyph-table.


my python scripts
Code for Coursera's Computing for Data Analysis course 

MO JS tutorial
demo
a repo to practice some php skills
Sample repo for testing our options
Testing Git commands
Notes from everyday work
my own fork version of libnetfilter_queue.
A blog dedicated to teaching designers how to write quality JavaScript based on jQuery examples.
test for GitHub practice


\N

\N
Simple php site base template.
Scripts both written by myself and stolen from others. In 'dev' branch, lots of scripts are directly from others without any modification by me. I include them just for my convenience.
Collection of files I need publicly uploaded.
repo for my dotfiles synchronization


[DEPRECATED] A simple Android background service that keeps your GPS online for some specified amount of time.
Personal website
ps3 game translation team
User settings backup
dot files
A readme file with ideas for future projects to help me learn.
Linux dotfiles. 
Add simple configuration to any ruby class or module
Another template engine for PHP...
A collection of practice exams for Freshman level Computer Science exams at RIT.
This is a `git svn` mirror of the now dead Eternity SVN repository.  For more active development, please see team-eternity/eternity.
Simple Python class for Belkin WeMo device.  Uses Miranda for UPnP.
This is a code storage of ATF tools learning group.
The Logger is a simple program that I created for logging activity throughout the day in a simple text file.
Modified version of Zend. In the future, this repo should go away and be a fork of Zend.
A collection of handy C# Extension Methods.
Online demo page for Mozilla Firefox OS Keyboard
Simple Wrappers for IText to make life easier.

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
dotfiles
CodeKata - working my way up to black belt on coding and programming
sample task
Vim configuration
A fork of compiler-rt supporting AVR and compatible with Rust

overleap.js is a small JavaScript library to add blank space at the bottom of a webpage. With overleap.js, your visitors can scroll/page your website in a more native way.
A small, simple Windows Twitter client built using WPF
Some useful tutorial about new technologies
These are some of the scripting experiments
minimalist theme for Q2A
Easy online photo backup and albums.
Jonathan Rascher's resume
A simple directory which contains all of my own snippets
Intro to jQuery presentation
puppet test
An old-school sample HTML text generator
My *nix Dot Files
the first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
A test perl code base for evaluating git
A copy of my bash profile for anyone who cares to take a look
python library to manage small sets of vm
Simple script that allows you to put a limit on the number of words in a textarea field
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application
Git managed home directory and file teleportation. "There's no place like /home."
A Sample application using the new Android Beam feature in Android 4.0+ that relays a message to another device

Impulse is a small, dynamic object-oriented language that aims to have simple syntax and semantics. It also aims to be lightweight, reflective and open, and easily embeddable.
A small app for scraping Wikipedia to find elderly Michigan alums
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
mirror of my personal haskell configuration, managed using vcsh and mr
Example Rails project for use with the GithubCodeFixer project
Dummy Repository for testing Git
Data pattern generator for software testing and analysis

Html Guide for the "Chaos macht Schule"-Project in DD, Germany
A collection of weird iOS bugs

vim setting & plugins
My experimental fork of GPSEE
practice
First app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial


Small helper script for importing MySQL databases.
\N
university project

A PhoneGap demo app for conference
collection of programming puzzle I solved/tried to solved.
Very very small website, chooses random urls in an iframe
Test git

Simple class for time operations
An example of an offline HTML application
Demo blog de Ruby on rails
Various config files I use
rails installer demo
some random code challenges
A fork of Test::NoBreakpoints (v0.13)
copy of sources in Test-Driven Javascript Development written by Christian Johansen
A collection of sample projects from Yojimbo Corp blog posts
My dotfiles
OBSOLETE XS-only bundle for Marpa::HTML
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo app
Simple java application for tracking your gym results.
A simple example demonstrating Cucumber-JVM using Java Step Definitions
My First Repo


DEPRECATED - Follow Link for New Project
RonR Tutorial
The first app for Ruby on Rails tutorial
Clone of http://code.google.com/p/pytracker/

Meet Vertexer, a simple 3D grid with which you can place paths in: 3D. Vertexer has vim-like controls and functionality. It also includes a library to generate POV-Ray files.
An example of how you can use domain objects with Vaadin


This app is only a shortcut to your basecamp classic account. (Google Chrome Extension)
A collection of Builder pattern related tools
Collection of R code and recipes
Vim package, including vim config file and plugins
Testing
Just use C..
Research project for University
Personal
Demo application
Simple traffic simulation with cars behaviours. Languages used: Lua and C (graphics library - Allegro5)

My personal textmate bundle with some nice enhancements
Code used in Lockwood Weinzierl 2011
A small Google Chrome extension that prepends the week number to each calendar row.
A configuration set created for users new to FreeSWITCH. It doesn't expose what FreeSWITCH is truly capable of, but I hope new users won't get scared with this configuration set.
Implementation of Simple Regenrating Codes (SRC) using Jerasure Library
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
My .janus dir, containing vim config and plugins in addition to janus vim distro
A simple text-based adventure game. A Practice lisp program.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application
small and simple gearman monitor

\N
collection of php Files used (outside of framework) that I can use in teeny-tiny projects
Basic User Api example Really old, don't touch this, it won't work with the current API
Ruby on Rails demo app

My ubuntu config settings that I usually use setting up a new vm or machine
My solutions to Project Euler problems in Lisp and Haskell (for learning purposes)

Hyde Powered source to traeblain.com
A simple python web crawler with MySQL database
example of google javascript api
Attempt to create a simple online game with node.js
ManageR-plugin (QGIS) fork that includes soRvi-specific GUI goodies

My CV/Resume and its LaTeX template

my dotfiles
Prorietary files for Folio 100 with 2.6.32
Move every regular file in a given directory into year/month/ subdirectories

Simple perlin noise implementation (1D)
A fork of http://www.devbridge.com/projects/autocomplete/jquery/. Added a callback function after each ajax call completes.
simple download accelerator/splitter written in c
*deprecated* My MacPorts
Economy plugin for tracking market prices and setting server store prices
Doing Project Euler in F# for my personal growth in the language.
Mini web app to make icalendar files of course schedules at Queen's University.
A super simple mock for testing new monitoring concepts.
University project writen in C#
My Dotfiles
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
It's my first node.js project. We will see what it becomes...
throw-away simple rails app for migrating DB

Fork of TinyRadius - a Java-based Radius server library

rails installer demo
Tool to publish posts on a Wordpress blog from the command line.

API documentation for spinoff
Demo app from ruby tutorial
A simple script to create a simple mailing list from a gmail account
Few config files
.files for my OS X Lion

Pulling from https://github.com/mapbox/carto/tree/master/build/vim-carto
Rails Tutorial, sample app
Projeto de git do custo on-line
Small script I use to extract rar archives

First app for ruby on rails tutorial

basic c memory allocator
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Simple game to help you practice your hiragana memorisation
Sample implementation of a presence server for createjs.

New sample application from tutorial book
Efficient Vim
school.hh.ru-java-stdlib translation to Python.
Open science notebook blog
Project / Task management as simple as it can be
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample application
Vim command to open a file anywhere on the system with just a few hints
Some of my auxiliary mathematical libraries
Practicing making a slider control w/ html/css and pure js

Ruby on Rails tutorial demo application
Provides a Question field using the Fields API.
\N
This is a demo I used in my talk at SenchaCon 2011. It's a Sencha Touch application (for iPhone) that uses PhoneGap to cache data using CoreData.
My config files

A Ruby on Rails application example

Rails Demo Project
The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Sample repo to demonstrate possible bug in Clojure protocols
The first app for  ruby on rails project
Google Reader clone with pluggable sharing and favorites
My resume in Latex
Skrill Demo
Iuid a simple uid generator and storage

My dot files.
GitHub clone for Digaboard to apply some small fixes

Demo rails app
my linux dotfiles

Programmatically generate documentation for your Puppet Modules
Repository of demos for testing all manner of scenarios

Kodak image sensor component with sensor driver, sensor control and basic image processing
\N
This is a practice repo since I am new to all this
A ruby-gem that makes adding method calls before/after methods simple
Example app for git blog posts
Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application
A Small Ruby Image Library
blank rails project with fave gems and settings as a starting point...
This is the notes I created for learning git from trainings etc
for testing JSON based apiRequest()'s
learning iOS
Blog
Simple example of using the Graph API on the client side for Pluralsight
Download and makeup program guides of a few channels for the next week
Simple project to test PIT Mutation Testing
DEPRECATED since 5.4.2. Nuxeo Platform High Availability
Port curriculums on jwc.hit.edu.cn to Google Calander and other calanders.

My dotfiles
static site
first app, as working from ruby.railstutorial.org
A simple jQuery plugin for keyboard scrolling through different sections in a webpage.

Custom theme for Sunnyvale website
School papers
A simple secure chat written in c++ 


Simple Git


building a processor as a project for my university's VHDL course
My github landing page, for what it's worth. 
Contains javascript file to be included in your webpage where dynamic element is being created. It has a function which does it all.
A Bit Twiddling  implementation of "sieve of eratosthenes" in C and Java, 
Restore del.icio.us bookmarks from database in firefox extension
Learn Ruby The Hard Way Exercises

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Some scripts I'm making in PHP to solve number theory problems.  They'll be linked together on my website.
Samples to test various JQuery UI widgets (Tab, accordian etc). MVC3 application.
Ruby on Rails Sample Application
test repository
Simple example of GIT Cherry picking
Spatial tests on PostGIS based on OpenStreetMap data
Ruby on Rails tutorial Demo Application
 BXR is an open source, ruby on rails file management system.
ruby 2 on rails 4 sample app
An Implementation for a simple educational system using java, intended to contain all major concepts and techniques in the language. This is originally a homework for third year students in Damascus University.
Complex example of GIT Cherry picking
The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Demo Application for Devise Presentation
The second app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial.

This is a project for small markets and simple users without PC experiance
Simple text ignoring on Android. Free to modify and redistribute and mangle and slaughter, just don't impersonate Outer Earth Interactive.
Source for building an experimental Debian package of the NetCDF Java library
Cron job that runs and automatically launches their live radio stream when the Toronto Maple Leafs game is about to start
Some small examples on how to use buildr.apache.org
Zelda clone
Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application

Collection of plugins to use with the goomba stomp one.
all my configuration files
Code. Creating backup and version controlling it across branches. Pushing to work across machines. 
Push to Server
testing the integration of a calendar application and google maps in django




The itunes store search api states that large applications should use cache architecture.  This is my simple implementation of one such server using mongodb and node.js

Main documentation for Participant Scheduling System
Ruby on Rails Tutorials sample application


Simple Restlike app that exposes lucene text analysis and tokenisers
Web app for managing files on my server
Collection of userscripts 
MIUI v4 Ukraine Translation
sitepoint mobile book tutorial in rails
Fork to bring patches to utidylib project that has been inactive for 7 years
Sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
r code for analysis of jw file
PFC documentation
a simple blog written in django- not yet working at all :)
test
HBase Manager provides a simple GU Interface to interact with HBase Database. With HBM we can do all the basic actions like Table Create/Alter/Drop/Truncate and Data Modifications like Insert/Delete/Update.  The Scan Operation can be fully customized with
Backup scripts for Linux using rsync
My collection of 'dotfiles'
Testing for different HTTP push technologies
Just a sandbox of random cruft while I learn git
Battlegrounds for mozilla.com work (mirror of http://svn.mozilla.org/projects/mozilla.com/)
my config
My blog
Documentation for the Grid'5000 API
3rd year project for CASE3

A simple NER component that uses prefix-tree to build the recognition dictionary.


My vim config

A simple dispatch server. Allows one server to trigger defined code to run on another.
private stuff for test, temp storage
My VIM dot files

Some of those CLI Tools
Python code to experiment with the "travelling salesman problem."
the first app for ruby on rails tutorial
Keeps dot files under version control

my personal runcom files
Ruby on Rials Tutorial Demo Application
My dotfiles
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Exmample REST server with file upload
Grails plugin created with the purpose of realizing simple excel imports (2003 and 2007 workbooks)
My personnal .dotfiles and other config stuff.
My university project on a GPS iphone application
My blog/website.
CoffeeScript code for example applications of "Professional XMPP Programming with JavaScript and jQuery"
Backup documents stored on www.e-boks.dk
Simple classes, scripts and functions that I write for Scala
node.js client for st9
personal twit backup website
Unofficial mirror of the official ffmpegsource repository.
Small hex-based strategy game

Analysis code for pimaim MD code
my dot files
Lisp subset implementation in Perl6 Grammars and Actions
Large file storage with Git
My emacs config
Ruby on Rails Sample Application
Fills in html forms with default values and errors a la htmlfill for Python

POI Icon Set
fork of master branch from git://slackbuilds.org/slackbuilds.git (read more on wiki). If you want to fork do it only with master (the other branches are temporary and are always rebased on master). alternative interface http://cgit.ponce.cc/slackbuilds/
A Composer-compatible packages.json file for SimpleSAMLphp along with a stupid simple PHP script that generates the file.
A collection of short programs that demonstrate some basic functionality
Bootstrap (Initializr version) with basic PHP view routing.
Tmux config
Libraries for Qpid C++ client applications
a collection of text shotcuts for tech industry stock quotes, with a focus on Asia.
set of scripts to install development software on to a vanilla Ubuntu installation
GitHub pages repo

Some notes on Riemann surfaces
Fork of Jeff Sharkey's script to highlight Android adb logcat output for the console.
A very basic Profiler to show mySQL query activity in a PHP application
Github mirror of MediaWiki extension CategorySortHeaders - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)
\N
Polyfills forEach for ES6 Map and Set

This repo has moved to https://github.com/projectbismark/bismark-packages
My dotfiles et al

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Just for messing around and learning
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
My personal website
TurtleBot Documentation for ROS Groovy
Github decoration. Just for fun


Allows content to be submitted using Markdown, a simple plain-text syntax that is transformed into valid HTML. http://drupal.org/project/markdown

My notes and code backup chrome web application
multiple Config files save
Goto CSS declaration in an open *.css file

Fork of http://code.google.com/p/throttled-smtp-appender/ but with threadsafety bugs fixed
Perl Script - A quick little perl backup wrapper for s3cmd sync
My Code::Blocks (CB) installer forked from the CB Installer.
A test app for RoboSpice, see https://groups.google.com/d/topic/robospice/2UY_qprgPx4/discussion
A demo app created in 2008 on the Android 1.x SDK to test/demonstrate the built-in accelerometer in a T-Mobile G1 phone. Detects when the phone is dropped and plays an "ahhhh" scream sound. When free-fall stops, it plays a "phew" sound. Should work on lat
Directory structure and template files for starting a new WordPress theme or child theme.
Front-end Web Development Project 2: Online Resume
openmoko u-boot fork with support for iPAQ h1940 and rx1950
Fork of pydot r29 from pydot.googlecode.com, to fix requirements in pydot 1.0.28
Startup theme for WordPress projects

\N
My C learning notes
My dot files
Project 3: Classic Arcade Game clone
\N


A Fake Android Camera That Generates Images Algorthimically

Unofficial mirror of hg.libsdl.org/SDL_mixer. Updated daily.



A collection of scripts and configurations to customize the bash environment.


fork joomla for testing purpose



Small library to copy images from a remove host to local mashine.
Assignment 4 for Coursera Full Stack Web Development - AngularJS
First Node module
This is my client research.


Small site to check out metalsmith, with continuous deployment on netlify.
Steven BLOG
This is a required repository for the Launch School curriculum. It is intended to be a repo to store your solutions to chapter exercises to show the TA's during assessments.

Files used in atom video


Everything that you have saved in your computer now a one place to go. NO More having to download different apps to save different things. This one does it all!!!
Belated attempt to solve Advent of Code 2015
Storing various test code from Python courses - use at your own risk
Documentation sur AVR_Atmel (Wiring/arduino)


Bread website
A sample app from "Mastering iOS Frameworks". Demonstrates Core Location, MapKit and GeoFencing.

This is a test to check the CD setting in Azure from GitHub

Building a Website with Node.js and Express tutorial
Python Sphinx Read The Docs Theme
This is a repository for my personal website.  
The home site of author S.C. Barrus
A collection of code and projects for the RaspberryPi
CPT375 CakePHP Assignment 2015



Configuration files and settings
My resume

Basic Login Page with JavaScript Encryption
A simple chess program.
Most used C++ classes
HomePage For My Portfolio And Work.
Code for an tutorial to hide or show an HTML5 element, such as <div>, <span>, <iframe>, and more

A simple Rails Repository pattern implementation
Sources for Docker images
Very simple web scrape example for first week of "Thing a Week"
Example NodeJS Web Server from Udemy
Ansible Playbooks for packaging software and uploading to my packagecloud.io tools repo
This is a data repository containing historical share tables which cover trading in all main board Australian Stock Exchange stocks.
An example React application (with test)
An example of using the Embeddable Search Engine to index and search PDFs
PyVyM - A simple Python Virtual Machine
Some code to resolve my homeworks of the MongoDB course 
Personal Blog of a Tech Lover

This repo contains an iPython notebook which generates PDF pages of small labels for pinned insect specimens from data stored in an iNaturalist project.
A repository created following the tutorial: https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/



Code that demonstrates C# concepts


First repository
this is my attempt to redesign the existing homepage for placesbrands dot com and make it responsive

Collection of Powershell Code - most in development
I've created this repository to experiment with Git -- no useful content is included in this repository.
Simple scripts used with a pywikibot_core interface to do simple tasks

Cs229 and CS221 project, Stanford, 2015



A blog where I explore installing linux on a 512MB G4 mac mini.

my new personal website for 2016
My page

Brick breaker clone written in Javascript. Uses pixi.js and Tink libraries. #breakout #game
Yet another react components pack
A respository for learning git.
Example of multi threading to accomplish a task.  In this case each single thread is responsible for computing one portion of the resulting matrice. 
A ruby linked list implementation

test for flask python etc

Maybe caine and I will make something of this one day
Exercises from "The Go Programming Language"
First project in GitHub
For learning and other random things.

This series will be to practice creating HTML web pages incorporating CSS
The first Try

Examples for using JohnnyFive to program GPIO of single board computers.
My first repository on GitHub.
open source

A translation of Apple's sample code PocketCoreImage into Swift
Fork feed
Personal Website
It is created for the purpose of testing. Reference to the OpenCV 3.0 is added. 
This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.


A small collection of methods to perform math operations on colors




First app we built for iOS course on Udemy

A simple chrome extension to log the time spent on each webpage.
random tidbits as i work through perl6intro's syntax & features intro
copy paste to new comps for env on terminal sheel
dingjing website repository
Part of The Odin Project. The "Building Blocks Project" in the "Basic Ruby" section of "Ruby Programming."  
For practice, I created this subscription-based Ruby on Rails web application utilizing ecommerce and software as a service models.


copying a webpage for the odin project.
A clone of the popular mobile game Flappy Bird, using libGDX framework.

Multipart resume site
Basic web server for Nicco's temperature gauge project.

My experiments with Twilio's Voice, Client, SMS and Connect APIs.
following the git hub demo on udemy
This repository is for created for learning Python. 
Tutorial using system time and real time 3D object manipulation
A personal clone of the HLStats project source code. Use the `1.65` tag for the last stable release.
Messing around with forms in html
Just another repository
my blog

My Website
A simple 3D face alignment and warping demo.
This is a repository to store sample packer and vagrant build scrpts
A simple demo repository
Panthakan Boonsuriyatham's Project
Example Rails app for socket_helpers gem. Running at http://socket_helpers_example.herokuapp.com
Be Colorful GitHub Pages
"Fork me on GitHub" CSS ribbon Assets for Yii Framework 2.


A basic start for tdd training


github pages repo
Michael Hartl Tutorial
Implementation of a basic Java Chat using Java IO.
A script made up of the work of several different minds used to read a .csv file to SSH into Cisco IOS devices and tftp their configs to a remote server. Requires PyCrypto, Paramiko, and Python 3. With some small modifications can be used to fully automat

Rails Project
Algorithm work
repo for my course
personal .dotfiles and scripts
This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.
All organising materials for Macquarie University's Digital Humanitites unit. Unit FOAR705.
A terminal session with the host running SPJS. As of version 1.87 of SPJS you can send/receive basic terminal commands to host operating system. This widget is a front-end UI for the terminal from ChiliPeppr.

DIV,CSS,JavaScript



My first attempt at React Native. A simple guessing game using the Etsy API.

This repo will contain information on the process of doing data science; it is primarily gauged at people new to data science.
profile and dot files for linux

A fork of https://github.com/agoldst/tex adding support for the modern beamer theme (https://github.com/matze/mtheme)
Trying a Stanford course out. http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs106a/index.html
Setup with Express and React in ES6 with webpack and nodemon with basic Login and Database
101 Programming Foundations at LaunchSchool.com


Developer documentation for Integratingfactor.com

linux binaries of zonation built using docker and travis
Tetris in Javascript, because I was bored.
A simple and easy demonstration for using PHP with MySQL over localhost. This project ReportCard Tool performs the insertion, Deletion, Updation, Searching over MySQL database with help of interface provided by html and PHP.  
Project of Alura Spring MVC course


Google Homepage Clone
My first web app

practice code everyday
Demo App made for National Bank of Egypt (NBE) to reserve a ticket before going to it's branch
To Do List example in Swift language


Dummy Project for Testing Purpose
Simple follow-along repo for a udacity.com course on git
A translation of Apple's sample code HeadsUpUI into Swift
Seok-Lyong Lee's Page
A trial during my ios course 
basic AngularJS seed app for use with AT&T Drive UI Kit

Learning Go Web Development - Examples and Datasets
Repository for my dev environment dotfiles
basic settings
personal solutions for Advent Of Code 2015
this is the project for testing




like: `Either<Option<T>,Error>>`, the type of data in finite streams, amongst other things
Demo app rendering react on the server
first rails app for udemy course


Google Breakpad fork for Unvanquished with jon.turney's MinGW support patches.
For proposed Node.js Testing Working Group. Hopefully can be moved to nodejs org before too long...

Normal the rasppi setting and config 



My quick solutions with Erlang for Advent of Code 2015
learning Python


Joomla Framework Testing

https://github.com/celluloid/celluloid


hello world test program




Is there any open source project to do? call me!

Very basic encryption program written in java.
A typescript clone of the brauhaus.js brewing library
:octocat:This a personal blogs powered by GitHub which is the freest place to share views and make notes for any programmer!
my first GITHUB Web Application
repo for all of my code
Java game. Created to practice project development, OOP principles, etc
Just another repository
Very simple C# 6.0 console application to merge all MP3 files within a directory into a MP3 file with the same name.
Example of web server node.js
A simple but ultra fast wordpress cache plugin.
Welcome repo for ReviewNinja to help you get started. Feel free to delete when you're done, we won't take it personally.
A simple todo list application working via command line interface
Small useful scripts to not lose them
Some documentation for modding Duck Game.
This is a simple library that allows you to decorate functions with a string, and execute that function if the string is spoken.
A fairy generic SOAP Service and Client with a handlers used for the authentication process (on both sides). Avoid using a database to keep it simple.

Used mostly for tutorials and testing ideas
a three.js tutorial
First github repository

Contains example code for the edX Advanced XAML course
Online backup datastore of all my programs. Feel free to rummage through :)
Will run all test files (minitest) in a test folder if run from directory root

Solving Advent of Code 2015 in Ruby
Arthritis symptoms a person's head low for a bit afterwards because a man.  Arthritis diet, but it can potentially hire someone who did care.  Treatment for arthritis like a ship manned by barrel cutthroat buccaneers.  http://primearthritis.xyz selected a
Source folder
Programs and Related Files

Sefitalia website

iOs9 Swift 2 - Learning 
My dotfiles

A basic site layout with the Susy engine
Ansible playbook for setting up a Linux dev machine for web development

A responsive resume
test git

tutorial


Dockerfile to create a light sabnzbd image
Basic Numeric Operations and Functions for Swift (Based on Accelerate Framework)

practice

my first repository on github

Simple paxos implementation in go 

this is a template generator that can manage inheritance of necessary redundancy in your code/document/anyotherText


App made by learning Michael Hartl's Rails Tutorial.

prjects of our labs in Buaa University
my blog


My first repository on GitHub


A demo of authenticating to websites.
Just Uporoted Production

Simple Console Rogue-Like for personal interest
A simple logging utility for Node.js
Some GPU tests on textures
Beginning Level Team Treehouse Android Course App.
Weblog with personal ramblings of Dolf Andringa, and ecologist, web developer and scientist. The website runs on Jekyll at github pages.

CB-Geo C++ Programming Guidelines
web site project repository


Repository of Coding Katas at http://codekata.com/

C# Style Guide

learn git
use ssh connection

My solutions for LeetCode problems
My own self blog and content for your Data Analytics Learning
my web projects

To use in the course for learning Android

Test projects
Test of the github pages


Business software for small craft producers
Basic library book reservation system.
A Simple Row and Column Grouped HTML Table Generating Library
GitHub MdHck-47

Sample Django project using Visual Studio 2015 and Google App Engine SDK
Simple example for socket.io library


'Up, up and away' remake from commodore 64
For practicing HTML, CSS, JS, and the like.
No real purpose, just for fun






Remote repo to help me test out my Github skills

A Sample of GitHub used for storing Student work

IBInspectable_IBDesignable_Demo is a Sample code use IBInspectable and IBDesignable on Objective-C 
A blog-building tutorial from "The Complete Ruby on Rails Developer Course Udemy"
This is a new seas project app created during Ruby on Rails course
A simple Resume Template
Here I will commit c++ coding practice things
This is a skeleton of Angular2 application with some basic features, approaches, etc.
the first repository
Cleaning of HTML code from debris
Php is a web programming language diversity and never expires we are currently planning a new onlineStore source and completely free

Example of conversion of bundled iconfont SVG <font-face> <glyph>s to separate SVG <path>s.
My personal vim setup
AngularJS 2 quickstart
Google clound messaging with Chrome - Notification demo


Test for issue https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-config/issues/314.
Detecting communities in Facebook ego-networks - Project for the "Statistical Analysis of Network Data" course by Eric Kolaczyk at ENSAE ParisTech (visiting professor from Boston University)
Simple App using Flux Architecture and React (ES5)

Sammelsorium of code used in various projects
A small utility to add battery status and git status in zsh prompt
My Resume
Sum of two number. And some experiments on them.

first app 
advance ruby projects

A simple initial cookbook for testing chef functionalities

My current vim config

.files for vim, zsh, tmux and git


This repository contains all the assignments and test code of AngularJS.
Experimenting with Apache NiFi for ingesting large streams of IoT data
first commit



nothing at all


My First Project
blog
This is clone of the Tinder app with basic functionality, using Parse and Facebook SDK.
A twitter clone with beer
Simple program to play Blackjack



My personal blog
Simple guide explaining how to generate a h.248/megaco parser


Python Pipe extensions for Machine Learning

A simple Java app to keep all places you visit I made when I started to learn to code for Android and I have refactored with Eclipse refactoring tools.
My code for Algorithmic Thinking course, Rice University @ Coursera
My practice  
for my practice

dotfiles
Basic web server with PHP functionality


Github-Repo for my personal website
A simple node app to start a web server to serve HTTP files

Making the Demo from Video "Mastering Git" PACKT



Simple rest client python class

Assets used for golang meetups

Testing connectivity to Hive
Solutions for the advent of code, written in Go


My dotfiles
Udemy React Tutorial

My Cucumber Selenium example

Simple Web Server to conduct a performance test
Simple app (15KB) to launch Storage Settings directly from the apps drawer

Learning book "The Python Standard Library by Example"
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/android-rome-feed-reader
my first github repository

This is a small class that allows you to decode the Google Polyline Format.
Example App using the Google Polyline Decoding
First try
Learning Git-Hub

It's an simple demo of ray tracing from the book<Fundamentals of Computer Graphics> of Peter Shirley using c++.
All of the projects I've done in previous courses


Sample for Jenkins Workflow plug-in and Docker
A hello world example for pygame. The game displays a box that can be moved around with arrow keys.

Personal technical blog
My express.js web application based on rouxmeet example.
Open source and properly licensed code for the Digilent Nexys 4 DDR peripherals


Playground: Testing Parse.com workflow
The repository contains recipes I like to share with my friend
Srushtiloka Website
A set of scripts that I maintain and use on my systems.  You mgiht find them useful too.
a new repository
Sample usage of recyclerview http://coderscafe.net/how-to-use-recyclerview/
Set-top-box Data
This is a bunch of code and data files from attempts to connect a microcontroller to the motor controller of a Jazzy electric wheelchair. NONE OF IT WORKED.



A simple web front-end providing read-only access to download .zip files of projects

Experimental very basic reactive streams implementation for JavaScript

first repository
Exercises for LaunchSchool - Course 1 - Programming Foundations.
R Course - Program Assignment 3
steam backup covers
An angular app clone from angular-seed.
Une demo de git

practice with peer programming. (Worked with Ben)
A page to display my profile using HTML, CSS and BOOTSTRAP
tutorial rep

List of tech books I've read
Learning Practise
vm,Cloud,storage
PHP project 


This is my first time to use GitHub,so I creat a test repository

Scripts and source-code examples for different tools to work with Unity Engine games
A page about me


origin backup covers

A small discord bot
A simple ecommerce website created with PHP and Python. Currently under Development
My First Game - A work in progress.
my-vim setting
Practice files related to my study of "The C Programming Language"
Python scripts from 'Programming the Raspberry Pi' Simon Monk (2016)
A personal finance categorizer in Javascript.
School
Just a small unity project with no real purpose but testing stuff



Content site, for a company
Google App Engine and Spring MVC example project
The first main part of my diploma thesis which must be delivered to finish the course Semestral project
takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website

my java homework
Simple android project to manage my hours at work


personal homepage


C language project using OpenGL graphics library
The first tutorial of Angular2 Beta using Visual Studio


My submission for the google code in task.




For my solutions to reddit/r/dailyprogrammer problems.
Private school project/assignment
Add first implementation.
Test
Will be a clone of the original Boulder Dash game


Video Color Sampler - sample video frame colors at runtime
My version of the Javascript Chess Engine, created from watching video series provided by http://www.bluefever.net/Chess/index.html
chunks of code from my Data Science Projects...
This is the demo of isomorphic webapp using React + NodeJS

Band(e.g. a cappella)'s practice feedback system

Playground repo for iOS Stanford course
My Blogging app made in React.js 




Initial Travis CI setup for my projects




Android app made for course DAVE3600 @ HiOA (2015)
My attempt to build a PHP based LCARS (Star Trek) UI builder


General Assembly - Learning Java
hello world git!!

A Minecraft Mod that allows you to have tools and armor made of bedrock.
gci task: https://codein.withgoogle.com/dashboard/task-instances/6501030917308416/?sp-page=1

my test file



course project for shaniu

This repo contains the information for a new fresher training
NodeJS tutorial project

git init
Fork of the espruino MQTT module
Sandbox for Wetspot 2 audio experiments in nostalgia.
Our first repository
Irish School transitions as Sankey Diagrams
Files for the REACH High Spring 2016 course: Intro to Web Design Using Bootstrap
A sample repo for use in creating new storage modules for Botkit
Introductory Machine Learning in Python (for tutorial pdf visit suwangcompling.com)
Programming in Scala book, tutorials code
Scripts for building a basic Linux system, based on Linux From Scratch http://www.linuxfromscratch.org/
An example of using emacs org mode (babel/tangle) to set up a docker shell session and generate/run an image.
resume repository
Adds java 8
Browse a collection of 200 years of Red Riding Hood
Because origin Hacker News website is so ugly, so I gonna spend my weekends build another web client using React + Redux + Webpack + Material UI just for fun.
Android app for practice

practicar ryby sample app

Test 1, 2, 3


simple form validator based on javascript validation API
Practice programming problems on LeetCode
Golang forms library. It's meant to be for personal use, but if you like it you can use it.
Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Stanford University @ Coursera
A dumping ground for old projects I wrote for my undergrad at The University of Pittsburgh. Nostalgia, youth, poor variable naming. It's all here.
My website generated html deployed on 

This repository is about to practice programs from HackerRank.
My JWM config setup (Installs some Xfce components)
basic angularjs search app repo

test
My DailyVenture site
Git and GitHub tutorial repository from Udacity

A short tutorial on the basics of Branching with Git and Github
Programs created during first year at University of Maryland

simple data access framework written in java
Just a fun multiplayer battleship game...for fun.
Swift 2 implementation of the Stanford iOS course's graphing calculator assignment
A practice social site, built using the MEAN stack



Simple "Hello, World" app with Angular 2 beta

Simple Scripts and Docs about Apache Spark

Archive of little projects I've made to play with new languages (computer and human) or work through a text.
app for testing 
Sample AS/Intellij Android project using retrolambda and Lightweight-Stream-API
Steps in reviewing and refactoring the code in question http://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/102166/finding-closest-points-without-duplicates-and-given-distance-threshold

My /etc dir backup


A PHP sample showing how to extract viewables from the Autodesk OSS storage to your local machine
Practice programming projects for my sister

My first Pokedex had a lot of merge issues so I created a new repository to work with
madeof.info blog

first tutorial
Irwin Brady's Text, as of the end of 2015.
A simple busy indicator which can be trigger from any child or navigated page in react native application
My practice from books
UHC documentation (split off from UHC repo)

My backup of configs in $HOME
testing repository
First android app (Button, basic stopwatch)
Small project as exercise for school

Simple Fading Testimonials Widget (Wordpress Plugin)
My github page
This is a test repository

The source code for my Android app, Wave Runner
Maker and hacker projects lists.
This is a magento module example using modman

Personal Home Page
Udacity - Android Developer Nanodegree - Project 4
KGViewSeparators is a small helper library that helps to quickly insert separators into a view. No subclassing required!
My first repository



All of my android work. Includes Toast exercise, SQLite exercise, 

just a project
MVC PHP Build based on JREAM Tutorial
This is a simple C# program that find the average of an array and the highest and lowest value of an array with the help of functions

Documentation (Python tutorial and how to use Reeborg) in multiple languages

Android app to display the contents of your Google Calendar on a Simple Nook eReader (although it should also work on other Android based eReaders).
Implementations of the most well known algorithms applied in Machine Learning in Octave/MATLAB. 
My dot emacs
Apache Docker image with SSL turned on and a configurable ServerName.
Hadoop tasks repository for Parallel and Distributed Computing course at MIPT 2015

A basic ionic hybrid app

A fork of NFCLockscreenoffEnabler for Marshmallow
Coursework for coursera machine learning class
style guide for New England VegFest
My dotfiles
This is an example site for the intro to Front-end Web Development Course at Flatiron School.
My personal blog where I talk about technical concepts related to being a front-end web developer
Simple React app for GitHub search API

Just playing around



A set of 'HelloWorld' demos using various GWT and SmartGWT architectures including HTTP and DMI
Testing Github

Some my C and C++ code examples which I made during study new technology.


This repository has solutions to the challenges I attempted. 
Fine selection of small Verilog modules under MIT license

Simple Magento 2 module that shows uses of Controller, Block & Template.
i am using this repo to test atom editor behaviour




This is the first app we built in the iOS course
This is a simple text adventure game. 

A little WPF-Application for creating and working with flashcards.

Codepath University Spring 2016
Simple RSS Reader made using atom electron and vue.js
develop react-redux to learning any more
Steps in reviewing and refactoring the code in question http://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/115012/report-for-a-restaurant-showing-hourly-sales-information-for-a-given-timespan
Setting up a new Mac
Assignment from freecodecamp.org, to create a small api microservice that parses the requesting browser's header and returns os, ip address, and language. http://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/basejump-request-header-parser-microservice
Small script that allows you to download movies from the ZDF mediathek
Few react components to compare github stars evolution of popular github repositories
My practice of testing website payoneer.com using howitzer cucumber.

A simple annotation based java dispatcher




:computer: Distributed File Server Lab Project for Distributed Systems course
A collection of the files for a sample website about wolves. It does not work.
Udacity Course Work


This is the base repo for the Spring 2016 offering of "Data Science" at Olin College.

Simple integration with github api
Setting up sprites and platform controls in easeljs

Example web server from node.js developer course
Osvaldo Malvizzati Painter - Personal Website

A client webpage which turns mathematical expression trees to artsy animated GIFs.

Personal Blog of a Tech Lover
A list of papers I read in 2016

I created a java Selenium Maven project to practice testing techniques for myself using JUnit to check if the automated test pass or fail
I'm experimenting react native. This project is work in progress...




Local sandbox for mucking around with Docker. Requires Vagrant and VirtualBox.

Just a repo for me donking around with hapi/react
Simple and Fun Flask app to create fake job listings using Markov Chains from Indeed API
A simple i18n translation and localization library for React+Fluxible applications.

This demonstrates the use of multidimensional arrays with this gradebook version


Helpers created by skyjaz software

This is a list of tech coops that are either forming or looking for new members.
Simple dockerfile for use with wercker to compile android 6.0 projects
Intro and Next Steps in Foundation
2nd assignment for 2IMV20 (Visualization) at Eindhoven University of Technology
Backup copies for various projects i  fiddle with.

Very basic implementation of personal site built with Django
Source code for my blog
Short course about web developement
My implementations of the apps from Udemy's course "Build Apps with React Native"
Source code developed during summer internship.
my first Repository on Github
Starting learn Java program language - 2016
Simple web frontend to label images with 0s and 1s


Configure your routes with simple syntax annotations
This repository contains the Python code for machine learning algorithms. (With and Without SCIKIT)
Small arcade-style space shooter using C++ and SFML
For showcasing professional portfolio, side projects, and blags.
My DBC phase 0 GitHub pages site!
Jupyter/Ipython notebooks for physical chemistry course

Testing

:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component
student-management-system-javax-swing-project

I have created a demo interview app using Meteorjs and Kurento. Sample 5 interview questions are there. Once the user clicks on start button, he /she can see see a question which has  to answered within 3 minutes or else it will disappear. Kurento media s

Attempting to create a github based blog for all of my coding meanderings
Project for Data Structures course

OS X Config files




An example of a blog written in Ruby on Rails
My business website


Following Udemy React Course - learn-and-understand-reactjs
Small educational scripts to teach programming, some math, possibly some physics.
project showing third person camera behaavior
Python course
Python Automation GUI Experiment (PAGE)
HTML Template Engine
My personal website
compiler I wrote for University class
Test CL capabilities and means to use them
UDP flooder written in python 2
A personal guide on how to get started making games by Jonathan Topf

Template for testing pgxntool with pgxntool-test

Template repository for building Ansible roles off of, including good unit testing and documentation.

Docker Python CI Environment



A learning resource for front-end development
A translation of Apple's sample code Using UIImagePickerController to Select Pictures and Take Photos into Swift

A simple blog/website practice project powered by Node and the Express framework.



Simple tool for setting up reminders. Works in the background, allows to create/modify/delete reminders and their reoccurences. Application created in VS 2015.  Feel free to contribute.
MUM Enterprise Architecture CS544 Final Project
Using HTML and JS Create the Standard Animation Practice of Making a Ball Bounce

A simple web todo list application employing jQuery, CSS and HTML


A work for any sized group of megaphones

small web parser that gets all the top jobs and visualizes the various salaries for each position
This is a repository for random (but useful) functions I have created.
Mi first application created using Ruby on Rails.

A large ensemble algorithmic work based on a number of ideas related to Ordinals.
Simple AngularJS routines by @pierakim (credits : @ToddMotto)

Course site for DESN-368
Configuration for vim, bash, and other programs.




An excerpt from my Summer 2015 REU project with the BU Bioinformatics Department (BRITE REU).
Simple application that counts the number of times a cat picture is clicked
See blog post: http://jaysoo.ca/2016/01/03/managing-processes-in-redux-using-sagas/
A simple keylogger in swift just for fun.


Collection of Exercises & Projects from Eloquent Javascript online book

Hayashi Empirical Work



First rep for educational use



My repository containing Python scripts. 


Medium clone built with Ruby on Rails
Simple rummy implementation in C++
Hogent course project
my blog code
Just some basic server shiet to mess around with

A simple space invaders game written in es6
Udacity course on git
My vim config



A exercise from The iOS Course "From Beginner to Paid Professional"


react demons
Simple way to create ebooks from a set of markdown files.
Mirror copy of the Debian packaging of python-q


Learning Play framework in Java

This is the first app we built in the iOS course
This is the first app we built in the iOS course

This are the four project developed for the course.
Flash/Actionscript Grid-based collision detection example, runs on HTML page

Demonstration of how the .Net geometry-api-cs computational geometry library can be used as a RabbitMQ worker

Resume for David R Prothero in Bootstrap and Angular.js
Small app based on the SDK's StackWidget example to bring the old ProTips widget forward to ICS.
Online demo site
This repository contains the EmulationStation theme "Carbon"
GitHub clone of SVN repo http://trac-hacks.org/svn/sumstatsplugin (cloned by http://svn2github.com/)
git clone of sybrenstubel's flickapi hg repo (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi/)
Sphinx documentation for the Tinkerforge system





App designed for covering basic information of auto layout and how it has to do with constraints in Xcode.
Learning: to show how to use template in C++
Super simple (static) web service to grab VAT rates for all EU Member States, in preparation of the new 2015 VAT regulation.
mvc project with movies management 
A Red Black Tree Implementation in Java

a free and open-source calculus textbook
To track development I do for the Windows platform
fast.js is a simple, tested, ready-to-used javascript algorithm library for any node.js and browser.
Pragmatic testing ebook
Functional programming training based on "Functional Programming in Scala" book by Paul Chiusano and Runar Biarnason
Code and sample for Chute Tutorials for Android
A collection of small C programs
An Unprofessional Blog Engine Created With ASP.NET MVC By Tugberk Ugurlu
Repository used as support for my studies about MVC with Hibernate and JSF, based on the book Caelum FJ-26

First Draft of LmntrX Official App. Changes may be made to this repo. May be modified or replaced.
A simple patch-server for games and apps based on HTTP and file hashes.






My personal Vim installation, following the same procedures as the Janus project


fork of gojsonpointer with support for structs
Arnold Worldwide training repo for git and github

fork of git://libvirt.org/libvirt
This repository has been deprecated, please use one of the separate ANDS application-specific software repositories listed at: http://github.com/au-research/

My personal blog
Official repo is in bitbucket: https://bitbucket.org/sillsdev/l10nsharp
Just a bit of code I would like to share. For example my server side Google Analytics tracker written in PHP.
My dotfiles

Personal site
A demo twilio node app, using just the low-level HTTP APIs
Basic platformer game. Mainly a proof of concept.

pure data external to synthesize text to an array with espeak library
my dot files

My vim dotfiles, ellipsis.sh compatible.
Topologies of networks utilized in network research work.
Contains my dotfiles
Insert, Retrieve, Update and Delete data from SQLite database in Android
Lean WordPress Theme
My fork of OpenWRT 12.09 Attitude Adjustment branch
Keep track of your personal wine list

Demonstration C++ module for ProFTPD
Sandbox - testing organization
scripts and dotfiles
My custom devel config files, dot files and helpers needed to only have to install it on a new machine and start geeking
Simple documentation generation for Brat
Mirror of https://git.netfilter.org/libnetfilter_log
Jayson is a simple but featureful JSON-RPC 2.0/1.0 client and server for node.js
Simple iOS prj as a team Run-in
My resume
This is very simple code that can be used to demonstrate the caveats and design issues associated with building real-time chat server that uses socket.io.
Example scaffolding for hosting Ruby applications on Windows Azure
Placeholder description: @fredex42 created this with repo-genesis
A simple filesystem based python index as an extensible application
Small Python script that takes a list of directories zips them and uploads the zip to a ftp server. Also deleting all zips older than the configured stale option. Thought it could be useful to someone out there.
Soluciones para problemas en http://coj.uci.cu
Simple block of code to fetch alerts from Blizzard Games
The images used in the InfinitasDocs plugin for examples etc.
A git mirror of official flickrapi hg repository (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi) with some additional customizations.
Used for some changes for the swiss pirate party, based on a "git svn clone http://svn.code.sf.net/p/postfixadmin/code/ --stdlayout" and a "git filter-branch --prune-empty --tag-name-filter cat -- --all"
Programa simple de redes neuronales para java
Resume in LaTeX.
Basic plugins for TweakCart2
(inactive and unmaintained) A set of loosely coupled machine learning, data-mining and bioinformatics applications in a broad range of functional languages.
a collection of graphical effects used in the demoscene
robot code for a machine designed to take pretzels from liberal arts majors
svn clone http://dangerous-prototypes-open-hardware.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Bus_Pirate
Pointers to useful, well-written, and otherwise beautiful documentation.
fork of buildout.eggnet
My vim files
My personal emacs configuration, using heavily git submodules for external packages
Clone of git://anongit.freedesktop.org/gstreamer/gst-plugins-base
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
An old Client-Server messaging program I made in highschool. I'm keeping this for nostalgia.

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Testium is a very Flexible and Plugin-able Test Automation Engine written in java. It is Open Source and fully supports the XML-based file formats of the Standardized Test Tool Interfaces as described in http://www.testtoolinterfaces.org/. Other file form
New Flyspray theme proposal
Fork of http://git.suckless.org/dmenu with selected patches from http://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/patches/

My vim ultisnips snippets
SDSLabs Blog
Open source e-commerce and marketplaces made simple on the JVM
Sublime Text 2 user settings
My dotfiles, for my mac

Finnish translation for Symphony CMS
LaTex version of resume
hold my dotfiles here
jQuery Mobile Tutorial
A cross-platform clone of the popular Lazy Newb Pack for Dwarf Fortress.
Fork of warsync
Deprecated, see https://github.com/Stonelinks/stonelinks.github.io
git - the simple guide
A small tool to find gaps in TDB
This is a simple, easy to use Twitter API Package for FuelPHP Framework
Reid's DR git clone
sample CRUD app on sinatra and mongomapper
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Vim dotfiles for pathogen and other configurations
Basic tab separated/delimited import function for Wakanda
This is a fork of the open source agent simulation platform "Gestalt".
My VIM setup
Very basic template for new rails projects

tvtorrentrss fork to remove all unused and unnecesary code
Copy of the last free wurfl.xml data file
General Input Interface library fo LibGGI
Used to download correct code for compiling
  This project has been deprecated.
My Jekyll-based blog
Object Relational Mapper for structured data encoded with Google's Protocol Buffers
Fork of https://code.google.com/p/cssjanus/ with modifications required by Khan Academy.
Python script that scrapes list of all camera models from Flickr.com

My public scripts and projects
My vim config
Personal git mirror of the tmux repository
Temporary copy of https://code.google.com/p/bastmush/ , nothing to see here, go over there.
My dotfiles
Slides and example code for a talk on Inline::C, presented to Thousand Oaks Perl Mongers & Los Angeles Perl Mongers Nov/Dec 2011
This is a copy of the JNLua repository over on http://code.google.com/p/jnlua/
This project contains several java ibraries and utilities that are either too small to be hosted in a separate project or are still in an "incubation phase".

Sample hellogitworld repo for GitHub Training classes
test fork from svn googlecode to git


test on HuoHouStudio
Solutions to short programming challenges from http://reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer
Helper-app for beekeepers.

Xamarin Android Query Class inspired by AndroidQuery
Create a demo chat app using SocketIO and NodeJS


My website running on my home server. I'll get a real webserver someday, don't worry.







repo for my cloud pebble apps
Test
git demo
It's gonna blow your mind
Window Basic Game, Heart!
A fork of the WordPress Simple Colorbox plugin
dotfiles
Mirror of  vim-scripts /c.vim version 6.1
vim rc files and configurations

rails tutorial


my resume
A wrapper around the basic pattern I generally use for compojure projects

Sample iOS game developed with Objective-c, colour memory
loterry test



A little Github Pages File
dotfiles
Repo for running basic Data Mining scripts

android developer's first sample application
A simple, yet beautiful, code highlighter for WordPress.

a collection of my dotfiles for easy cloning
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo app
The demo app for Ruby on Rails tutorial

First website that's not personal. Incorporates LESS

Just a testing repository.


Demo rails app
http://blog.falafel.com/blogs/BasemEmara/basem-emara/2014/01/02/getting-started-with-web-components
Personal Practice at AI using a checkers game
This is an open source project of using Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) in milton
Evolution you can do at home

rails

A basic application to look for ppl to share cabs with. Has minimum functionality with FB oauth. Frontend uses bootstrap.
Checking metrics on C/C++/Java and maybe C# code from early 2000s
a cloud test
Vision - sample app for Advanced Express Web Application Development by Andrew Keig

A docker image which my sites are based on.
a simple solar system in HTML and CSS, based on the one on Codecademy. This one includes a moon.
A demo cucumber project
Device config for Xperia L

this is a quicke one hour app to demonstrate what a subscriber to an interactive news site might look like
android proj

send background email from IOS
java practice projects
Landing page for smoke test of new app

learning bootsrap
just learning git


This repo has all my (Java) projects related to graphs
YWOT History, yes, this is what it runs on, github. :D
A simple JavaScript/Canvas game.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample App
collaborative repository to practice coding.
Web based application to create and alter basic operations on AWS EC2 instances.

A collection of additional tasks for Phing
Precompile your static Middleman site when you push to Heroku
An infinity based theme for Conky.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Altium design directory template




Template project for testing out Javascript vNext (ECMAScript 6 aka "Harmony") via the Google Traceur Compiler with a simple Express service.

Launch Academy practice app
just test
my dot emacs
New SQYBI.com with Django. Notice that the RoR version is deprecated!



Simple IndexedDB API
Gem to provide simple drop-down select for (ISO-639-1) languages.
This is my first helloworld phonegap app

my blog site

A fork of the WordPress TwentyThirteen Theme
Defacto Dev Blog
A sample Google Glass app using the Glass API

Just a little test-repository. The files in this repo are not meant to be used in any way (and mostly don't work).
I am a demo
spacejs.org & My BT Young Scientist Project.
Sublime Text config files
Project 1 for Stanford University Objective-C course

The Flask framework step by step tutorial codes.

R and GRASS scripts for the RS-GIS Ecol book

source code for html 

Watir-Webdriver-powered Screenshot Comparison and Testing Tool
A simple hadoop based project for learning. This project extracts the discharge summary data and using International Classification of Diseases (ICD) codes will perform the quick search on a specific disease and returns the highest number of other diagnos
A child theme used to test the development of the Thematic theme
Very basic memory game I made for my kids

My Public Page

A dropbox for small commandline tools and scripts I build. Many for media management like image resizing or server admin, but otherwise a random grab-bag of unrelated stuff. Linux + OSX shortcuts. In git so I can find them again next year.
Boilerplate template for grunt based projects
Documentation and examples for an introductory workshop about Boost
Simple "Hello world" application using PIMF micro framework
Simple app to track maintained cars
My tools





Very simple events plugin built for developers in mind using Bootstrap 3 markup
A Promise based API Abstraction over window.localstorage and chrome.storage.local
A collection of useful javascript helpers, again.

This repository will house R code for some programming exercises in a class on Computational Statistics. When I was taking this class, I often thought stumbling upon a repo like this would have been helpful. The work here is largely my own, but obviously 
Example repository that is created from an existing project.
C++ Templates - The Complete Guide
A map for Dominions 3 game.
Example showing use of shoe, dnode and browserify to render cross-browser web page

Documentation for the Statamic CMS in Dash Docset format 
BWTheme - A simple and beautiful theme for Webmin and Usermin made using Bootstrap and Font Awesome
This is the sample application for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial by Michael Hartl (http://michaelhartl.com/)
A practice backbone app
Ubuntu Server Guide
Documentation for the Internet Archive S3 API
just for fun - counts how many seconds/minutes/hours/days have been elapsed since last new years eve :)
Some examples of C code with CUDA libs
Simple example of a Java ClassLoader that forcibly reloads from disk each class instance
Simple console application to get the MD5 hash of files in a given directory (or a specific file, if an extension is provided). Needed this to support the Updater in my SAI-Editor.
A basic mapper to read/write POJO instances to a very compressed binary file format.  While working on another project, I originally was going to use Jackson to read/write POJO to JSON/XMl, but after looking at the overhead of saving large byte arrays I c
.* files
Created by studio
My dotfiles (zsh, tmux, vim, git)
script of R for learning purposes
My projects
Implementation example of Spring-Hateoas (client wich consume and expose RESTful HATEOAS Service)Source from my article : http://bewilcox.blogspot.fr/2013/12/generer-lexposition-de-vos-entites-jpa.html
A demo application for illustrating the use of Broadcast Receiver and Monitoring Battery Status.

LightStor Standard Documentation


Lego Mindstorms EV3 hacking, documentation + list of projects.
SharePoint 2007/2010/2013 PowerShellscript to copy user permissions on all specified sites/subsites
Coursework for CS 590 - Computational Microeconomics. Taught by Vince Conitzer, Duke University, Spring 2014. 
A demo application for illustrating the use of list view and adapters. It also consists the functionality of callbacks to change the items of the list view. (e.g. working of like/unlike button)

An example project using Grunt with a Magento theme
Code Practice in Java(Still Updating)

A clone of casper, the default theme in ghost
these are small scripts that I have written to perform certain scientific computing tasks, namely for a course I have taken on quantitative economics
Projects List
dot files
My new site host by git pages.
A test of github pages, with a bit of jekyll, listing some code related stuff I have done


Demo Yii App

A basic web page that uses a carousel using the bootstrap framework
My solutions to exercises from Kernighan & Richie "The C Programming Language" (Second Edition)
The first assignment



A collection of Twig tools and extensions
a set of small programs that are useful to be inserted in bigger projects
OWIN test drive

test folder, learning git via ubuntu terminal

Documentation wiki for using AppWarp On-Premise

School Project - Create a tool that displays information about the disk
Demo of recoupling a decoupled project. Effective likelihoods and template parametrizations are hosted on the web.
A simple search component for K2
Tempbox. A demo app showing UserApp, Python and AngularJS running together.
chef repo
My first app
Example code for personal use from the book Node in Action.
tcp server java example
My personal page.
The first app for the Ruby on Rails tutorial
This was a school assignment.
gh-pages for williamjwoodall.com, just redirects to wjwwood.io
Set of screens that can be used to perform regression tests of operator interface.
A simple browser created using java libraries
Clone this and correct the jQuery errors!

test config for starmobile Diamond V3 (CWM)
A small log for all the coffee I taste
cassandra course at datastax
A small app, that's used in the Ruby Tutorial.
The first app for the ruby on rails tutorial
A rails tutorial
Minetest mod providing very basic implementation of whitelist.
docker files
Documentation and Resources for the Minecraft Mod Station
I'm learning rails!
Code that I wrote to deeply understand how some general data structures function internally. A lot of pointer concepts covered. All code in C++.
Simple Sublime Text extension to implement Ctrl/Command-0 function to restore edit window font size to user-defined default.
Just practice with Ember JS



repo for recipe storage
vim dotfiles


This is a singly linked list implemented in C for my own personal practice. 

A simple and elegant implementation of Lisp on C#/.Net
Projects I created in my free time

My personal website
My Jekyll blog, hosted on Github-pages
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample app
A notification-daemon fork supporting more options
The documentation for the Bootstrapper package
Original source of my blog posts. Written in Ghost flavoured Markdown (Haunted Markdown)
Test repository
A website / theme for Small Victories.

First attempt at a web page, with Rails.
My (own) Sheltie Pedigree project written in Java generating all HTML from an XML, no database.
A command line tool & a small component to manage your proxies in your JS code
lithium test project

Saves state against an entity in MongoDB with simple constants and helper methods

Interested in making EntoLogic handle more programming languages? Have a look at the README
My stuff created while studying, training, being trained, or playing.
A small helper module for image galleries in WordPress, using ACF.
Source code for livetocode blog
A simple application for quickly converting subtitle files from SubRib (.srt) format to WebVTT (.vtt) format.

Distributed project management using dcf files

Store data in local storage
Just word count implementations in various languages.
The content files for the LCDM website at the University of Illinois.
The future home of my new website.
My dotfiles
Data and parameters to replicate experiments in Model-Based Aligner Combination Using Dual Decomposition
a backup of the main site
CQ Project repo
This tutorial demonstrates how to use the Cloud API in Titanium Mobile. Specifically, the demo project will allow you to send a template based email to any recipient.
Collection of my solutions for algorithmic problems from infoarena.ro, written in C++.


Simple To-Do App written in Laravel 4 and Zurb's Foundation 5 front-end framework
Coursera Algo Part II course


My first push to github
A small app to follow the progress of the family BCS pool.

An example registration handler for setting up Salesforce with OpenID Connect
my utils

A simple versioning system that works delightfully well on MS-DOS

unit test ios id
Personal Blog Project
Big project for Ruby on Rails course at II UWr
Sample C++ Code:  Nonlinear Optimization Library  (includes a 3rd-Party FORTRAN library)
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

My Engineering Graduation work about Textile RFID tag antena
vim config for cpp
Jan 2014 version of Hartl's First App on Dev Machine, running Ubuntu
List


Dating Python - A quick start guide to Python programming
The first project  for rails
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

A simple little android application which demonstrates how to intermingle some of today's most interesting technologies in the Android ecosystem: Dagger, Otto, android-priority-jobqueue, gradle and lightORM. All wrapped up in a neat MVC pattern. Nothing f
portfolio site
TestCoin for testing purpose
DB Course Desktop Client + SQL Server Side


WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
This is my individual project for the Professional Graduate Diploma in IT BCS
My Sublime Text 3 setup / packages / prefs.
Single Page Nav is a light-weight and simple to use jQuery plugin
Std theme atweb

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

collection of simple ios-samples
A small library used to shadow polymorphic operators (and functions) contained in the stdlib.
Using Azure Active Directory with a WebAPI and testing via client console app
WK Extjs Theme

Code snippets discussed in blog
Prezi Notes on Google Glass during presentation
My final year project for University. A tool for teachers to be able to easily create multiple choice test for their students.
Automated method of creating certs for testing.  
small programs
Repository for me learning web design


Template Project for Google Glass compatible Android app using OpenCV
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
akka spray tomcat example in scala
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror


WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Things I learned
The APOD grabbers I tried were kinda crappy, so I wrote my own
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

Vagrant + chef solo configs to set up Dashboard VM in just minutes
learn to use word2vec
Simple Haskell Menu System



The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
learning to use git
ios course final task
An example of a basic solution setup for a brand new application.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
My own .vimrc and .tmux.conf
dotfiles
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Laika Compatible version of reFocus for Plex "Back to Blue Edition". Please switch to the plex_ht branch for the Plex/HT compatible version.
xgl emacs setting
\N
scrapy's googledir example with mysql store pipeline using twisted's adbapi
A clone of Gameboy Tetris using HTML5 canvas written in javascript.

Working through some stuff in Haskell. Dangerously close to writing my own monad tutorial. They're like a burrito, man.
Cross-platform Paint.NET clone
Sublime Text 2 config files
Github mirror of  MediaWiki extension GlobalContributions - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing
Fork of Pyglet to provide OpenGL Core functionality on Mac OS-X. Please use the official repository unless you require these changes.
swip is a SIP web phone working through a java applet. This is a fork() from sipappletjava.
Fork is maintained at https://github.com/guard/guard-brakeman Go there instead
A thin wrapper around the JavaScript Cytoscape Web library for Google Web Toolkit
a simple blog made with rails
Paystation example in C++ from Flexible, Reliable Software, by H.B. Christensen
Example Android app demonstrating possible use of RxJava
Various scripts I use
Mirror of http://drupal.org/project/panels_tabs provided by hubdrop.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A simple python program for solving Mastermind
My Blog source
Nokia Education Delivery documentation
work repo for me and urban to have a bit of code control
Pharmacokinetic and Pharmacodynamic datasets for use in pharmacometrics and translational medicine
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
basic pluginbundle for Infinity Interactive dists
~/.files
Buzzword bingo web page for FRC kickoff

(DEPRECATED) My first html game start.
A set of extern classes for Haxe that wrap the Titanium API (http://developer.appcelerator.com/).
Package Control repository for my Sublime Text 2/3 packages

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
deprecated
A basic Flask app template using MongoEngine
Collection of developer tools for BrowserID
Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/ad_google_maps/. Updated daily with svn2git.
vim configuration files
Basic ZendFramework2 example application using Doctrine2 and the SpiffyDoctrine modules
A simple octopress blog, more work-related than anything else.
gap proxy clone from code.google.com/gapproxy
My dotfiles and assorted other home directory related configurations.
vim setting
PostBin, a simple web service for testing WebHooks (HTTP POST requests).
Simple PHP contact form using bootstrap and the jQuery validation plugin.
A mirror of the official Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup source code repository, updated daily. Please direct all pull requests to the official repository on Gitorious.
Personal Site
Implementation of a simple Perceptron classifier.
My dotfiles

Configuration files for stuff I use.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Simple 3D Maths Library for Go
Mirror of Alfresco Community Edition (see https://wiki.alfresco.com/wiki/GitHub)

My Resume in LaTeX
A simple web based school management system.
My Github Page
The Laughing Man logo implemented in pure HTML/CSS
Win32 code example to list all the imports within the executable, very useful aid to understanding PE executables and the API calls they are trying to use from various DLL's.
WPoniOS - Rest API is a plugin which provide a rest interface in WordPress CMS.
Fork of mapsforge - https://code.google.com/p/mapsforge/
Zend Framework 1 Config package
No longer supported see - https://github.com/meh/ruby-tesseract-ocr
All sample projects, which belong to my posts on blog.volger.org
collection of scripts I use to handle locales at Diaspora
