A simple vim bundle for working with gyp files.
test repo
Some exercise and sample
An example project that uses the Heroku OpenResty buildpack.
Basic structure for a REST client using the Silex microframework to consume the sample https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestServer  For documentation review please go to https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestClient/wiki
practice
Simple blog application written using Django
This is a fork of Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) from http://www.nrl.navy.mil/itd/ncs/products/core  A description from the project page: "The Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) is a tool for emulating networks on one or more machines. You can con
from SchiShu had to seriously mod some stuff and have more to do its a wip
A very simple Rails 3 sample app using my fork of the Paths of Glory achievement system gem.
A collection scripts for android and linux
simple Calculator Plugin for Siriproxy

The example files for Building Android Apps with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Code used on blog.afistfulofservers.net
Tutorial at Mozilla Python Meetup
Example prosthetics in a django-nonrel based runner environment.
SearchPhp - Pimcore Website Search (fork of official Pimcore plugin http://www.pimcore.org/resources/extensions/detail/SearchPhp)

My current vim setup (.vimrc, .gvimrc and .vim directory)
Test repo for testing gerrit replication

My home directory dotfiles, bin files, etc.
Simple, scaleable carousels for jQuery (MIT)
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
The project consists in an Android application that can be used by employees in a restaurant to handle the clients, their orders and can help them easily find free tables or place orders. This is only a demo application, created mainly for proof of proper
collection of resources related to design and user experience

A port of my hlbsp project (rendering BSP v30 files from Halflife and it's mods (expecially CS 1.6)) to JS and WebGL (It's currently a project for school)
for ios app
Development standards documents
Github mirror of "operations/debs/python-phabricator" - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing
Clans/Teams Plugin for Minecraft Bukkit Servers, NOTE: This project has now been split into 2 projects, TeamCraft(basic team structures and commands) https://github.com/Satrosity/TeamCraft and KingdomCraft (addon to TeamCraft, will have area commands, sco
[deprecated] can be replace with v2 of i18next
\N
A collection of Python scripts to create and manipulate multiple Reddit accounts.
Simple Maven project of a CodeKata in which you simply wrap a string by inserting line breaks after a certain number of characters (columns).
Documentation of the Guild Wars 2 Archive file (gw2.dat)
A small Photo Gallery script.
Demo project for trying out Java annotation processing
My dotfiles
Clean Yeti Basic WordPress Theme
BuildGen is a cross-platform build script generator. It reads simple configuration files and creates an output such and an IDE project or a Makefile. 
Documentation bundled with KISS IDE
Collection of salt state files for use and testing
These are my dotfiles. There are many like it, but this one is mine.
NOTE: maya2renderer is moved to https://github.com/maya2renderer/maya2renderer
My attempt at a Github page

my personal website
Outlet is a simple Lisp-like programming language
A small javascript bookmarklet to replace video.xin.msn.com's Flash Player with the HTML5 <video /> tag
Simple Scripting Language, based on Javascript
My VIM configuration & plugins
\N
odoo afr module
Small helper script for exporting MySQL databases.
USE THE UPSTREAM GIT REPO INSTEAD http://root.cern.ch/git/root.git or here https://github.com/root-mirror/root. Mirror of CERN's ROOT svn repository, updates are run hourly. master branch is svn trunk. Branch branches/dev is suppossed to be a set of branc
Fork of pyftpdlib that adds unicode support to the py2.x branch
personal blog
Simple ToDo Application using Google App Engine

List files in directories of S3-hosted websites

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
my vim config files
Some OBD code for Python. Old and crappy, but putting it here in case I need it again.
A basic "facebook-like" standalone wall (posts, comments, like/unlike) with php/pdo/ldap, html, css and javascript/jquery

Todoist.com backup
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
My attempts at solving Project Euler problems
This is the source code to my personal webpage. It's hosted on PagodaBox (that's what the BoxFile's for).
On-the-fly documentation

collection of scripts for personal use!
Just a test!

A rough federation test between two or more diaspora pod's

Personal website
happy new year

KSP Interstellar Near Future Integration which is a Fork of Boris-Barboris/KSPInterstellar





Test task for jetbrains

nodejs on AWS, practice project




screme binaries for iOS/OSX

Simple RNNP (Random Name and Number Picker) for picking contest winners.
An Objective-C UIView that will search iTunes for an app and return the basic results.

Learning Tango with Django
A basic game theory strategy for Settlers of Catan.


Old repo for my personal portfolio site. No longer updated.
My demo

List of coding resources. 
a simple to-do-list using jquery
(FINISHED) :computer: My first NW.js app. Just for test (I was bored and anxious of learning something new)


Developing Android App
Life is just a series of trying to make up your mind. 
Personal Site for Matt Gerstman

Temp repo for practicing Uncle Bob's Clean Architecture on iOS
Just another repository
I wrote my resume in LaTeX based on the one by Alessandro Plasmati <https://www.sharelatex.com/templates/cv-or-resume/professional-cv>.

Swift Conventions and Style Guide


Small Ruby File That Returns Product of User Input While Ignoring Strings and 0s 

PHP projects

This is a project created to make web development more simple, I think there are a lot of duplication in web development. If we can abstract the common part as module and next time with some providing configuration file like(XML, YAML etc), we can generat
A simple wrapper for localconfig that allows for reading config from a remote server
first git

Collection of personal coding projects. They may or may not grow into individual projects.
A zelda clone in c# console.
This's my first repo on GITHUB
Personal Repo to store daily /r/dailyprogrammer challenges


Some tools used in my working life
A repo where I learn, play and experiment new things. Currently: Git and Jasmine and MarionetteJS.

Just a project following a rails tutorial...
Generate Wiki pages in Confluence following provided page structure
This is the first time try


personal website
my first repository
The classical todo example in various frameworks, basically for learning and demo purpose.

quick swift introduction using twitter and swifter
North Hennepin CS1130 Java programming class


/* I decided to start this new year, playing with Java. I will use this class later for a clock component */

Lagunamental blog



My Resume/Portfolio
My personal home on the web
some exercises from .js roadtrip on Code School

Simple Payroll system implemented using Ruby on Rails
I am reading "Python for Informatics: Exploring Information"
A simple notebook with 1 page 
PlugY Push SDK Example.

Code for Udemy php contact form lesson
ember-cli addon that provides a simple identity map for ember.js web applications

Practice App that builds Cellular Automatons
A very simple Java program that allows you to find the IP address of the computer that you are using.
Just for testing Git
My First Repository

A project I'm gonna do just for fun.
Welcoming myself to Github!
HasanOzgan's Personal Web Site


my first github program

First Test Repository


A simple to do list written in Swift for experimenting



A small python/flask baised "search answers" project to explore indexing, parsing, retieving open data
Simple To Do List 
Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015.

Puppet manifest for setting up new machines
Coursera online course - R Programming
A short story about a cyclist who used military technology to improve his cycling career.

I want to create a small billing system for restaurants as a mini project 

Image processing on AVA database. Creating some new colour features, colour descriptors.




Basic Space Invaders clone written in Love2D 
first repository
Working example of jakewharton's dagger+butterknife demo app
Sample Repository created to learn Git
Java source following The Cherno's Game Programming tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFYT7Lqt1h8&list=PLlrATfBNZ98eOOCk2fOFg7Qg5yoQfFAdf

This is my first test repo in GIT

This is my first file test.

learn how to clone a repository form remote repository
Based on OneMonthRails tutorial, building a Ruby web app
Personal website and portfolio
AdKiT Basic Version for web development
contains sample files



This is an assignment for Calgary University GSWL
docker repo
DORMM files versions


A simple repository to play with git and update how to manage things better.
just another demo
Almost 200 common file icon free to download.
Some code to start learning new functionality in Java 8
happy school days
Final Project Wireless Systems and Networks course



Beginner codebase for me to write small, grid-based java games.




Homework for Node Course
I made this project to help my friends and people who want to learn programming.
First repository based on tutorial guide
Udacity Git/GitHub training course reflections






Personal programs to control robot with Arlo hardware.
Website for Neon Family Church
this repository is used to learn git
practice and learn the Django python web framework
Awesome Space Storage Inventory Management
Python script used in my project ROBOCar which won the "Best Project Award of 2013"at  aDAVitya 13, DAVIET's technical fest.

Octopress source for my blog.  Blog sources in separate branch.

Blog Repo.
test
This is a parent project as a library. It's a summary of my Android development experience. It concludes lots of tool classes, such as some classes about SharedPreference, IO, Download, Network and so on. Of course, some custom widgets, like RoundedImageV
My Vim Settings

A simple blackjack game

Mine repository for work and tasks

first app on Github
My first! This is also the repository for my Cash Register code in Minecraft.


Example of RestKit use from ReyWenderlich web site.
Simple todo list.
An HTML game
My first git program

Coffee Script course
Just testing
Simple Android App which will calculate the checksum for a 9-digit ISBN fragment
A simple database and management for MTG cards. Later maybe oracle parsing and logic.
My First Repository
A collection of Docker base images
A short Python script to create a template LaTeX, Bibtex and Make file for my university work.
system





The VDBA documentation.
Example gulp project

Test how to pull
test
RAPID is a set of tools for the alignment, and analysis of genomic regions with small RNA clusters derived from small RNA sequencing data.
The demo app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial



My testing repository
Android learning project, trying to create example catalog

Collection of all problem solving practices that I do.
Uyghur Language Processing Guide for Developers
A small Perl script to fetch availability stats from Pingdom.

just do it!
Reddit clone in ruby. WIP
This is mu first sample test repository

My Github Blogs
Basic App
my first repository, study use github



docker repo
This repo is used to extract web content
Test Repository to test the innovations of the code.
Personal blog using Octopress
This is a simple game developed in Swift
Tools for unit testing: @data_provider and FixtureManager
A little test mod for minecraft. My first.

solr config



Python learning

Learning angular with typescript and requirejs based on Dan Wahlin example
REST Javascript Example App for OpenAM
Puppet config for crobot on arch linux
The .gitignore file we use for our Android projects created with Android Studio.
Super simple client-only cursor pagination for Meteor
These are two badly written Arduino source code files for my own personal use. One will be reading information from a joystick and transmitting that information by radio (eventually, for now it's just over a wire) to another arduino board which will parse
learning go
A first try to a HTML helper for simple tables
php learning project


Just another repository
java on centos as docker images

ruby on rails installation- Two steps for Installation of Rvm + Ruby + Rails + Git + Sublime +MySQL + PostgreSQL on Linux.


a school project
Practice - Blog For Stuff
A collection of algorithms and functions written for PHP
Learning to work with Rails engines. An engine made out of the inbox functionality in the MailServer Project.

Nodabba Source 
Github Tutorial

An example for a plugin framework implementation

The Xp Game sources, translated in dutch
fork of http://www.policyd-weight.org 
Examples for the Java Programming Basics course



This is a small webproject i wrote as a support tool for the cthulhu scenario 'Under high pressure'
dotfiles



This is a demo
noInfoPath logger module
This is a repo to test out project specific web pages through a git repo
A simple blog


my first PHP learning APP
The Learn Rails tutorial
A Team Fortress 2 territory control map.
my first repository


Course work for NNIIT

It's a repository for me to understand some basic usage for some programming language

A quick start code & guide for using Spring Boot and build a simple REST API from ground up in few minutes

Via a sensor,you can test how fast your heat beats,then this app can analyse if you are going to be angry.If you are,there will be a worning.

test sample of pluralsight intro to node.js

A simple and specific script I wrote that looks at an input text file for Names and Email addresses and builds an output text file using tab delimited columns for Firstname Surname and Email Address fields.

photo's organizer and backup






Website Repo
Second project in C++11

2015 Kidozen demo of a vendors CRM application
A simple goal tracker for personal goals such as numeric (weight, read book and so on), boolean made it or not and more. Written in node.js / express / twitter bootstrap / UI framwork TBD

Angular Phonecat tutorial on Rupert.
[WIP] ORM built around the unit of work pattern and a bring-your-own-persistence philosophy.
Copy of PHP-SRC updated with a fix for read/write timeouts on openssl extension. Branches exist for the latest stable release of 5.5.20 and 5.6.4   I can add additional branches if requested. NOTE: These changes have been merged into the current 5.5, 5.6,
clone from oreilly jenkins book
My simple BAggage LIst app's Web API
A simple catchy layout for your online resume
A Project for learning Programming in any language and script, your mothertongue.
BurJS is a small and easy to use framework for building client side applications and lets you bind all your favorite libraries together.

Working directory of  Physics bachelor students of the University of  Amsterdam following an Astronomy-Astrophysics workshop




This is a repo of my engineer's thesis. All rights belong to Lodz University of Technology. 


Just a test to be sure everything is set up and working correctly
Test



backup timeline

test
For learning github
This repository contains a java program which read pdf file with tesseract ocr and add the recognized text to the pdf in order to get a searchable pdf file.

Contains some Web IDL files of scraped specifications.

basic web theme for my profile and noBlackMagic.com


Sample app from Michael Hartl's Ruby On Rails Tutorial

Whack-A-Mole: simple html/js game
Github tutorial
GitHub Pages Website!

Learning PHP w/ treehouse tutorial - integrates Paypal shopping cart (CSS and images not mine)
Personal dotfiles
First repository i create


My dotfiles

My first attempt at a website. Starting from scratch html


Personal Portfolio Website
A (basic) Polymer based arc layout web-component.

A set of python scripts to convert csv files from various financial institutions to qfx.
Hexo Source for
thory practice
 Configurations of various applications (e.g. nginx, memcached, W3TC, etc.) on small vps server powering my wordpress site..
Compilation of school programming projects from 2014 onwards
Basic PHP Template For Iron Worker

whyyyy is learning git so hard lol
personal program reposit.
Simple blog with administration using larvel.

A basic Grunt file which can be modified for any project
A small guide to help those looking to hire a developer or designer for iOS work. While tailored for iOS, many questions could be used for Android developers or designers as well. A great self-test if you're looking to keep current or practice for your ow

Scraped data tables

Docker files for my blog on VPS
Custom Wordpress theme development for flyrbord.com





tinyxpath fork


Data Files for easy access to currently published Delta Conservation Demonstration Center project and field data for 2014 and prior.
A simple CLI for interacting with Command-C.


ios tutorials




exercise project #1 for iOS7 course
learning-website
Testing the CodeDeploy solution on AWS

One canonicalizer to rule them all
Collection of useful classes
Just another repository

setting vpn and secure mail
This is a very old project of mine that I migrate from hit.bg.


One Bookmarklet to rule them all
This is Just a experimental Repository
Personal website for Jack Manser
My first steps in programming
A Git Test



projects for this class
A small webapp which zips and returns your multiple file.

A small udacity webapp to browse download courses using udacity api.

My first game, made with SDL2, EntityX and C++11
For Practice
Yeoman repo for some of my c# templates
Android ListView app example w/ section headers and random count of subitems in sections
Machine Learning Explorations - A list of machine learning resources


A simple example to extend authentication plugin Revive Adserver

Floppy Bird, a sound-activated clone of Flappy Bird
Projet Android 2014-2015
Having most of my version control experience in TFS and BitBucket, this is a test project to familiarize myself with GitHub.
Practice respository
just playing around
Open Source Model Railway Control system
Super-Simple jQuery plugin which finds the tallest child in a given container and sets its height on all the other children. 

FRC 2015 robototes robot code.

AngularJS Learning and Demo Apps

Just a global instance for Node.js EventEmitter
Notes on SF2: Hyper Fighting to potentially work on cps2


dotfiles
This package is deprecated in favor of https://github.com/astronomerio/meteor-astronomer
DEPRECATED! USE MDCSS INSTEAD! PHP Styleguide.



Code for the current 2015 Team 2836 Robot
Testing with My First Repo
Generates sample projects from a Github repository with some added user configuration

Simple 3.3V power source for Raspberry Pi pheripherials. Power source can be switched on/off using one of Raspberry Pi GPIOs
Material to be distributed for AMath 574, Winter Quarter 2015 at the University of Washington
This simple JS Module previews the uploaded images, before the actual upload of files
Dot files!
Repository for my personal docker containers.

Blog

SHP file of parcels with situs address attached provided via public records request by local government in Lassen County California
Generates sample projects from a Github repository with some added user configuration
All of my dotfiles


A sample Laravel 5 app.
My solutions to DS and Algorithms in C++

Projet de stage 2014-2015 (Node.js)
Notes and testing from Udacity's How to Use Git and GitHub class
My personal website 
Tutorial from - https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-real-time-scheduling-app-using-angularjs-and-firebase

practice stuff

You can report people for any reason you desire!


Node.js server for REST api to control my home automation project
A scientific calculator coded in Java. This calculator includes all the basic functions and many other useful operations such as slope, line length, midpoint, median, mode, mean, cubic root, vector, range calculations as well as binary to decimal conversi
My first game
i'm not a robot but i have a mechanical hand (duh-nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh)

Code + Tutorials on computer science related topics. Hobby while in school studying CS, but may be informative to some...
A basic repository for playing with git
Database System Projects for Spring 2013 at University at Buffalo
personal web site
Just another repository
George Mason Speaker's Page

Just a website showcasing my work and examples
data visualization & representation, fordham college at lincoln center, fall 2015.
This is where Micah and pals learn how to program in java in eclipse
https://github.com/samratashok/nishang
This demonstrates how you can use the Adapter pattern to have 2 or more different interfaces communicate with each other.
Team 1793 Robot Source Code for 2015 FRC Competition

Simple todo app made with angular on local storage.
A very small and quick jQuery Demo for learning purposes. 
Antivirus Program
Repo for Calvin College 2015 Interim course "Learning from Data"

Practice code in java and javascript

My Project Euler solutions.
JasmineSugar example project.
Test repository
A simple checkers webapp for learning git and how to make a python webapp
Clone of the C++ bank app in C#
Winter 2015 session of ART341 at Portland State University
Just one small thing that I want to save from hit.bg. 
Code samples taken from PRO ASP.NET MVC 5 Platform book by Apress
Simple file hash digests and file integrity checks
Friendly fork of the GeneralUser GS soundfont. (FluidSynth version)
this is a test repo
numerical methods for PDEs final project, Columbia University, fall 2014
My personal boilerplate for FrontEnd Development

oz unity project

My frist app

just messing around for learning purposes
A (very) small erlang module for interacting with couchdbs rest api.
A classic demo to test your installation of JOGL


Fork of JMDodd's Mark My Favorites for Buddypress
Rust tutorial guessing game.




This contains my Internet Draft template, Makefile, etc. It is the base of my drafts.


The material I covered when learning how to web dev. 
Simple barcode based item catalog, written in Python
A collection of sample projects using Spring Boot and Other Goodies 
My first repository on GitHub
Just a testing repo.
New to this community, I hope to explore the vast world of programming

ruby course homework




This is a basic Rails app to test Judge Gem

Collection of personal config scripts for development

A basic Out Of Office system

Simple implementation of Same Game in JavaScript 

Project 2 Front end dev. 
My personal website. Built with node.js, express.js, and bootstrap. Live at kazarin.me
Used to learn IOS programming
An assignment from the first C++ course in the major. It's a linked list based file-comparison tool. See readme for more details.
My vim setup



frontend-nanodegree-resume


Simple API Wrapper in Erlang based on tutorial: http://vimeo.com/59832641



Repository for all the projects made by Project G


testing source control
Nothing to see here.... just playing around learning node.js, MySQL and Cloud9 IDE
A simple, modular todo application.

[Experiment] A simple todo list API built with Laravel 4


code samples from the book "JMX in Action"

NPM module with code not compliant with strict mode. For tests.
Open Web Testing Project
BlackJack Game as final project in Intro to Ruby, Lesson 1

Practice Repo for Scala

A simple historical stock price plotter made with matplotlib library in Python. Can be run from command line.
FRC Team 4911's code from the 2014 game Aerial Assist - Go to CompetitonRobot/src/org/usfirst/frc4911/CompetitionRobot for .java files
Small Javascript script simplified
my vagrant app
My Little Resume
Simple Safari extension to open subreddits by name

My personal website
My personal config for the Friendly Interactive Shell
[FORGE] Test for energy API
Tests, schemas, and documentation for the Flow Base Programming Network Protocol
Programming a PIC32 microcontroller- Ethernet Starter Kit

A simple C# program for Windows, for checking the devices in a local network (currently discontinued)
Hello World Test
This is a pretty simple application to scrape google search results and put the result titles in a DataGridView. It also allows saving in Excel
Jay's first repository

Mobile application repository
Repository for all the projects made by Project G
A static site developed to display my CV using HTML5 and CCS3
My first attempt at Rock-paper-scissors with Python

Simple header-only .ini parser written in C++
Challenging but I am just regular in JS.
Web API backend for rephraseit application
Simple engine for creating plugin-driven applications
This is a simple game I created using JavaScript to test the reaction time of clicking on a shape after it appears on the screen.
A copy of all posts that go on to the site (and drafts).
This is an attempt to figure out how to use this software. I do not have a clue what I am doing.

Boundaries is a small Corona SDK project showing how to calculate min/max visible X & Y values and actual screen dimensions


This is my code when i'm on university. I built it to learning Java.

This sample shows you how to add a DebugSettings flyout into the SettingsPane when running under DEBUG in order to clear application data (local, roaming, temporary, local cache, local settings and roamign setting).
a simple example app that shows the ember-cli-simple-store addon in action
iOS8 Swift project for class

Sample FreeBSD kernel module: hello world
Udacity reflections from Github course
learn and test how to use git and github

Program for finding palindromes in a specified range in a specified positional numeral system by the radix (from 2 to 36).It was a school homework, done at night Jan 2-3, 2015.
Some Human lang design examples.
Postgresql vagrant configuration for hot standby, backup and cloning
git in practice
A fake project that's part of the Git Essential course at Tuts+ Premium

Play 2 Java Tutorial

Documentation site and example code for using the TwitterOAuth library.

2015 FRC robot code for team 2412, the Robototes.


Udacity Git Course
Github mirror of MediaWiki extension SemanticForms - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)
my awesome wm config


Playing around with React and Material Design
 :school: NMCT BA Project
Project to learn Ruby on Rails 4. (2) Blog Web App. Original code made by @mackenziechild.
A simple code base to teach myself some c++14, sdl2, cmake, and emscripten
A simple theme to get your WordPress site up and running in no time.


Read-only release history for Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Test-Legal

This repo demonstrates what steps need to be followed when implementing a simple Login user story.
mirror of the official releases
Demonstration of null object pattern for presentation
Simple app do display accumulated data from your last 28 days registered in Strava
2015 FIRST Robotics Robot Code. 
A management system for things in and relating to my house (currently just lights)
Dead Simple Prototyping Framework for Java
Version UTF-8 de fab

A simple but expressive future library for Caterwaul
Translation project and CodeCharge Studio IDE.
A simple iOS app that plays a random sound every time the phone is shaken, made as part of an iOS course I took.
A basic functionality clone of instagram that I made during an iOS course I took. Uses parse backend and implements user registration, user authentication, and queries. Includes follower system and user feed system implementation. Also has pop-up alerts, 
An online platform for learning New Testament Greek
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A free software educational application for training elementary school students into basic arithmetic operations
Simple game of Connect Four in javascript using the Canvas API.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Software for testing the blinkbox Books website.

My personal page
Copy of wkhtmltopdf-amd64 binary
[DS @ FMI] A custom FileSystem project for the Data Structures course.
collection of handy scripts often used in DB/A activities
Port of Blockly to generate Java code (for and edx course)
UpAndRunning is a lightweight Node.js application which monitors all of your websites for availability and offers a simple JSON-API.
Basic structure for building HTML sites using Middleman, HAML/SASS, and HTML5 Boilerplate
Git clone of DeSmuME hosted on SourceForge. Given that no change has been made there since 2015-03-18 this should be up-to-date, but I can't guarantee it :)
Authentication library used in the auth-client-demo
A list of stupid and useless examples using doctrine2
Spring Security and Angular JS:: A tutorial on how to use Spring Security with a single page application with various backend architectures, ranging from a simple single server to an API gateway with OAuth2 authentication.
a university course evaluation system written in Python using Django
We are MOVING to a new repo at https://github.com/octothemes/classic-dark

my vimrc config and vim folder
My entry to Ludum Dare 22
A Java helper library I developed to help me in my various personal projects.
some config files in my home directory, like as ".gitconfig", ".bashrc", ".vimrc", etc.
A simple Textile parser written in Clojure



DEPRECATED: See scireum/sirius
\N
learning to code a drupal module

mirror of git://git.p.engu.in/laurentb/brutha

Auto-generated sphinix version of the NetworkX website. Since this is an auto-generated directory, please do not submit pull requests against this repository. The actual sources are in the networkx-website repository.
Simple example using the Guice-Jersey-Jetty-Shiro stack

A free wunderlist clone
my own version of the zenburn theme for emacs
This is my fork, Quark is now at https://github.com/rackerlabs/quark
Simple command line tool to log work hours using MongoDB
A Hailboards 2.0 Theme for phpBB3
collection of small scripts or how-tos that don't fall under a separate project
The backup repository for the Lootsie Website
Fork of the Fung Institute up-to-date version of the Fleming disambiguation engine

Collection of useful ruby code snippets
example gem repo
Work in progress. Cheers.
An example of implementation of a Module Pattern of Javascript. Leave some comments or questions.
DEPRECATED Transparency Camp by Sunlight Foundation XXX

Bundle for the Doctrine OXM project (deprecated) - use https://github.com/doctrine/DoctrineOXMBundle

This repository contains the fonts created by me.
Deprecated: look at sharadmv/quizbowl
JavaScript RTF document generator
Testes com CSS3 para simular no browser algo parecido com o app Flipboard
Dummy repo with a redirect to new home for the original project.
HTML and jQuery example of creating an auto save method.
:wrench: OS X / Ubuntu dotfiles
[DEPRECATED] Fun, fast, secure web development on top of Clojure/Ring
Flask using Github's gist as blog data store

simple ToDo list using node.js and MongoDB
Copy of @thomasdavis / backbonetutorials / modular-backbone-updated example with Twitter's bootstrap
"QuickRestClient" is Simple RESTful client API for Java.
My dotfiles
An example of how to integrate a blog with a Rails 3 site using the native RSS module. 
a mini blog system run on GAE
MIUI v4 Russian Translation
Small example testing associations in Rails

Pelican Theme Demos
MOVED TO https://bitbucket.org/acoustid/musicbrainz-acoustid
(Deprecated) ElggCollection API
A small Wordpress Gallery
Opens youtube URLs in ProTube app instead of YouTube app.
A couple of simple helper classes to help in writing RESTful PHP Libraries.
Swedish translation for the upcoming 2.2 release of Processwire with multi-language support.
microDuke is a simple, standalone, multi-threaded, small web server written in Java.
A Scala tutorial for absolute beginners
Database School Project
create a static HTML copy of a tumblr blog
A fork (from sourceforge svn) of Batuhan Bozkurt's patching interface for SuperCollider
Git settings - dotfiles
Example Code for Volume Rendering Tutorial
My Web Dev Blog
This example codes show you how to add 'do not backup' attribute to your files and directory.
A simple Ruby script to backup the entirety of a GitHub project to a local folder.
Implementation of  Cynthia Brewer, Mark Harrower, and The Pennsylvania State University's ColorBrewer color schemes as found here: http://www.personal.psu.edu/cab38/ColorBrewer/ColorBrewer_RGB.html in Sass
Web pages and other files for UW program in Python Programming
Example code for the General Architecture for Text Engineering (GATE)
Personal development tree for gnome-settings-daemon

Assignments and other work for UW course, Internet Programming in Python
PHP wrapper class for simple interaction with SQL-based relation databases (MySQL,SQLite3,PostgreSQL)
Computer Science Testing System written for the University of Winnipeg
Presentation on Rails 3 introduction

My own big js & php adventure!

Conduct personal backups to Amazon's Glacier service
This is a mirror of monotone repository for Esrap-PEG, generator of Esrap rules from PEG grammars
A small command-line python script that creates a local backup of your Flickr data.  It mirrors images, titles, description, tags, albums and collections.
My ad-hoc ruby, awk and shell scripts 
Simple sample of building REST api with JAVA
My .vim
A lightweight, simple to use camera system for your CoronaSDK project.
A MultiWorld/MultiCurrency economy plugin for Craftbukkit * DEPRECATED. Go in http://github.com/greatman/Craftconomy3 *

Coursera "Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Part 2" programming assignments
Some environment stuff: vim settings, bash settings, git settings etc
My Jekyll Site
My blog articles
coding practice
My own linux config
my dotfiles
Using OpenSim and Second Life open source software as crutches while we write sane replacements.
Code for Coursera's Computing for Data Analysis course 
code I write while learning ruby

All the standard dotfiles I use
for test
An experiment to standardize individual donor names in campaign finance data using simple graph theory and machine learning.
a repo to practice some php skills
Basic configuration management in Python
my own fork version of libnetfilter_queue.

test for GitHub practice
A small web site that displays a pomodoro timer.

\N

Simple php site base template.
Scripts both written by myself and stolen from others. In 'dev' branch, lots of scripts are directly from others without any modification by me. I include them just for my convenience.
Collection of files I need publicly uploaded.
repo for my dotfiles synchronization
[DEPRECATED] A simple Android background service that keeps your GPS online for some specified amount of time.

My AWS tools
ps3 game translation team
My Project Launcher


User settings backup

dot files
Linux dotfiles. 
Add simple configuration to any ruby class or module
A completely barebones theme for Cotonti Siena to provide you something to build on!
This is a code storage of ATF tools learning group.
Personal configuration for my Arch Linux system
(NOT STARTED) Yet Another (probably) Album art fetching tool
The Logger is a simple program that I created for logging activity throughout the day in a simple text file.
Modified version of Zend. In the future, this repo should go away and be a fork of Zend.
Good example of successful text editing
Shell and Editor configuration files
My emacs configuration


Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
my personal blog
CodeKata - working my way up to black belt on coding and programming
A fork of compiler-rt supporting AVR and compatible with Rust
overleap.js is a small JavaScript library to add blank space at the bottom of a webpage. With overleap.js, your visitors can scroll/page your website in a more native way.
Some useful tutorial about new technologies
My first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Ruby on Rails demo application
Simple backup utility

My first ruby on rails app!
Simple implementation of the memory filesystem for the Java 7 NIO Filesystem API
Simple Web-App to determine the best games to play at a LAN Party.
Jonathan Rascher's resume
Intro to jQuery presentation
An old-school sample HTML text generator
Personal web site
My *nix Dot Files
the first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
A collection of free software and free culture badges
Small projects in programming
A test perl code base for evaluating git
An application that helps you to choice the best move in the game of scrabble
A copy of my bash profile for anyone who cares to take a look
Git managed home directory and file teleportation. "There's no place like /home."

Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application
First Test
Impulse is a small, dynamic object-oriented language that aims to have simple syntax and semantics. It also aims to be lightweight, reflective and open, and easily embeddable.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
My personal blog
mirror of my personal haskell configuration, managed using vcsh and mr
Dummy Repository for testing Git
my music studio config files

Small collection of code samples to implement functionality in different languages
Html Guide for the "Chaos macht Schule"-Project in DD, Germany
vim setting & plugins
Light colorscheme for GUI Vim
A collection of bash scripts that ease the use of screen sharing through SSH
Just a personnal pages space

First app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Small helper script for importing MySQL databases.
university project
A PhoneGap demo app for conference
collection of programming puzzle I solved/tried to solved.
Simple ssh/sftp remote server manager
bbsnode is a simple BBS like 2ch based on node.js,Express,Redis
Test git
Some HTML snippets, boilerplate etc. used by me / Valued Standards

a collection of useful ressources to start a new website from
An example of an offline HTML application
Demo blog de Ruby on rails
A super simple web app that removes non-ASCII chars from pasted text. Written in Clojure/Noir.
Testowa aplikacja dla Ruby on Rails
Tool to deploy sites and apps using git at Dahnielson.com
Various config files I use
some random code challenges
Personal Web Site
copy of sources in Test-Driven Javascript Development written by Christian Johansen
Scheme Testing Suite
My dotfiles
Re-code the depot sample from the book Agile web development with Rails

Simple java application for tracking your gym results.
My dotfiles
A simple example demonstrating Cucumber-JVM using Java Step Definitions
My collection of aliases and functions
DEPRECATED - Follow Link for New Project

test for hash collision vulnerabilities

Meet Vertexer, a simple 3D grid with which you can place paths in: 3D. Vertexer has vim-like controls and functionality. It also includes a library to generate POV-Ray files.
The Minecraft clone.
Sample Rails Tutorial App
RoR Tutorial Sample App

This app is only a shortcut to your basecamp classic account. (Google Chrome Extension)
first RoR app
Vim package, including vim config file and plugins
vim files
a small js-library with shorthands for dom manip and animation
Research project for University
Demo application
Simple traffic simulation with cars behaviours. Languages used: Lua and C (graphics library - Allegro5)
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application

My Vim Stuff
A configuration set created for users new to FreeSWITCH. It doesn't expose what FreeSWITCH is truly capable of, but I hope new users won't get scared with this configuration set.
Vim configuration
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
just a simple paperclip use example with rails3
My .janus dir, containing vim config and plugins in addition to janus vim distro
FastDB is a single PHP navigation script for Fast and Simple MySQL and PostgreSQL databases.
snippet code, useful code, best practice code, good structure and examples
small and simple gearman monitor
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application

A core set of python classes to do time-step simulations

Sample Rails App
\N
collection of php Files used (outside of framework) that I can use in teeny-tiny projects
Basic User Api example Really old, don't touch this, it won't work with the current API
Ruby on Rails demo app
My ubuntu config settings that I usually use setting up a new vm or machine

make any drupal node type biddable. Does not tie into any payment system. More for a small organization keeping track of payments by themselves.

landing page for eschulte.github.com
My external brain on zen and git

example of google javascript api
This is my VFW git files
Sample code to learn Objective-C
My CV/Resume and its LaTeX template
Config files, my way.
my dotfiles
Move every regular file in a given directory into year/month/ subdirectories
A fork of http://www.devbridge.com/projects/autocomplete/jquery/. Added a callback function after each ajax call completes.
simple download accelerator/splitter written in c
*deprecated* My MacPorts
Economy plugin for tracking market prices and setting server store prices
Doing Project Euler in F# for my personal growth in the language.
Mini web app to make icalendar files of course schedules at Queen's University.
Ruby on Rails sample, Chapter 3
I'm just learning rails... this is my sandbox to play in
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
PIT mutation testing tool with TestNG
Ruby in Rails sample application
It's my first node.js project. We will see what it becomes...
Seven languages in seven weeks projects
A simple Twitter viewer demo
Converts Gmail to Google Spreadsheets
Fork of TinyRadius - a Java-based Radius server library
PHP Test Test Program
Very simple and minimalist backend for a blog engine
Small web-app for learning languages nice and easy

.vimrc file

API documentation for spinoff
Demo app from ruby tutorial
A simple script to create a simple mailing list from a gmail account

First Node.js demo app
Projeto de git do custo on-line
Learning to use KML and Google Maps

throwaway project for demo purposes
My configuration files.
My config files in home dir
theme template of my blog built upon emlog. 
Conf Puppet Client

First app for ruby on rails tutorial

Clone of forum.pravda.com.ua
basic c memory allocator
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Simple game to help you practice your hiragana memorisation
Sample implementation of a presence server for createjs.
New sample application from tutorial book
simple logger for python but with new approach for logging per module
Efficient Vim


Testing environment for the OpenJUMP GIS.
school.hh.ru-java-stdlib translation to Python.
Project / Task management as simple as it can be
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample application
Vim command to open a file anywhere on the system with just a few hints
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application 

Ruby on Rails tutorial demo application
\N

A big collection of sketches for Away 3D 4
My config files
Site covering HTML/Javascript banner to blackout any website.

A Ruby on Rails application example
Demo app of the Pegasus magazine
Google Reader clone with pluggable sharing and favorites
My resume in Latex

Skrill Demo
Iuid a simple uid generator and storage
My dot files.
GitHub clone for Digaboard to apply some small fixes

Demo rails app
This is a test project
Git tutorial
Practice project for work
This is a practice repo since I am new to all this
my Sublime Text Settings
A git mirror of ctms-common's canonical subversion repository
Simple Battleship game using C# and WPF
Example app for git blog posts
for testing JSON based apiRequest()'s
Phylogenetic structure during community assembly using Python
learning iOS
Blog
This is just a simple example that how to implement horizantle Picker view 
DEPRECATED since 5.4.2. Nuxeo Platform High Availability
Simple example of using the Graph API on the server side with Python for Pluralsight 

My dotfiles

A simple Pyramid webapp for displaying per developer tickets and hours from multiple Tracs.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demonstration application
test
School papers



my personal web site made in sinatra

Contains javascript file to be included in your webpage where dynamic element is being created. It has a function which does it all.

Simple OSX LaunchAgent to automatically set the Location based on a wireless SSID
A simple web server writing in javascript using the node wrapper for V8 engine 
\N
git repository for FoneMonkey with minor changes for our project
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
A Rails Tutorial demo app (using Scaffolding) 
Java stuff
Project Euler solutions in Python
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Samples to test various JQuery UI widgets (Tab, accordian etc). MVC3 application.
Ruby on Rails Sample Application
Ruby on Rails tutorial first application


Simple example of GIT Cherry picking
Blocks of Maven dependencies, for quickly adding dependencies to projects
Ruby on Rails tutorial Demo Application
Some useful scripts for converting media files, using rtorrent and else

 BXR is an open source, ruby on rails file management system.
An Implementation for a simple educational system using java, intended to contain all major concepts and techniques in the language. This is originally a homework for third year students in Damascus University.
A bejeweled clone with an AI to play it
The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Demo Application for Devise Presentation
My first github app
simple programming language written in Java
Source for building an experimental Debian package of the NetCDF Java library
Some small examples on how to use buildr.apache.org
Zelda clone
 Yes, precious, false! They will cheat you, hurt you, LIE. 
My first project
Collection of plugins to use with the goomba stomp one.
all my configuration files
Ruby on Rails sample tutorial application
A pong clone written in C++ using OpenGL
Code. Creating backup and version controlling it across branches. Pushing to work across machines. 
Push to Server
testing the integration of a calendar application and google maps in django
Exercises from Programming in Scala 2nd Ed.

Insert page break marks 

Personal Website
The itunes store search api states that large applications should use cache architecture.  This is my simple implementation of one such server using mongodb and node.js
Code featured on the Fourth Moment blog
Main documentation for Participant Scheduling System
Web app for managing files on my server
MIUI v4 Ukraine Translation
Sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
PFC documentation

a simple blog written in django- not yet working at all :)
\N
my custom CMS - framework for development
HBase Manager provides a simple GU Interface to interact with HBase Database. With HBM we can do all the basic actions like Table Create/Alter/Drop/Truncate and Data Modifications like Insert/Delete/Update.  The Scan Operation can be fully customized with
Backup scripts for Linux using rsync
Simple .NET e-commerce playground repository
Just a sandbox of random cruft while I learn git
Glance Ubuntu Packaging Mirror
My blog
Documentation for the Grid'5000 API
A simple NER component that uses prefix-tree to build the recognition dictionary.
My vim config
A simple dispatch server. Allows one server to trigger defined code to run on another.
private stuff for test, temp storage
My VIM dot files

My dotfiles
Some of those CLI Tools
Collection of shell scripts to provide extra nifty features for client side subversion usage.
the first app for ruby on rails tutorial
Our Jekyll-powered Home page

Keeps dot files under version control
My Site@GitHub
Fit reinforcement learning models to behavioral data
Ruby on Rials Tutorial Demo Application
mainly used as Maven repository


Used for exploring the use of Clojure for developing Android applications
\N


CoffeeScript code for example applications of "Professional XMPP Programming with JavaScript and jQuery"
Backup documents stored on www.e-boks.dk
Simple classes, scripts and functions that I write for Scala
personal twit backup website
Unofficial mirror of the official ffmpegsource repository.
Small hex-based strategy game
my dot files

Lisp subset implementation in Perl6 Grammars and Actions
my fvwm config
Large file storage with Git
My emacs config


Ruby on Rails Sample Application
Rails tutorial project
configuration files

iyanski's page

A Composer-compatible packages.json file for SimpleSAMLphp along with a stupid simple PHP script that generates the file.
Some commonly used utilities for scala.
A collection of short programs that demonstrate some basic functionality
A simple library of Java language utilities
Just a simple jQuery plugin to mimic the "Back to Top" feature of WordPress.com. Looking to rewrite with Vanilla JS
A simple chess game. I built this mostly to get familiar with the D3 graphics library. A demo is online at jake-chess.herokuapp.com
Bootstrap (Initializr version) with basic PHP view routing.
Simple Sublime Text 2 / GitX integration plugin
Modelling flat mechanisms (java version)
Tmux config
A simple 404 page that uses the URI as input to generate a 404 message.
Libraries for Qpid C++ client applications
a collection of text shotcuts for tech industry stock quotes, with a focus on Asia.
just a simple blog with translations for the django-cms
Some general facts in mathematics.

Mentees will fork this repository and submit pull requests when they need help.
My Vim Settings
Fork of Jeff Sharkey's script to highlight Android adb logcat output for the console.
Simplistic memory-only sync adapter for Backbone. It's a drop-in replacement for Backbone.Sync() to handle saving to memory.  Use for testing or volatile data that need no persistence.

Unofficial Git mirror of @ianawhois
Github mirror of MediaWiki extension CategorySortHeaders - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)

A collection of config files I'd like to keep in sync
Polyfills forEach for ES6 Map and Set
This repo has moved to https://github.com/projectbismark/bismark-packages
Jekyll source for my personal blog


Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Bootstrapped WordPress Theme
My personal website
TurtleBot Documentation for ROS Groovy
Github decoration. Just for fun
Allows content to be submitted using Markdown, a simple plain-text syntax that is transformed into valid HTML. http://drupal.org/project/markdown
Custom Config
My notes and code backup chrome web application

It's a simple plugin which is generated an epitech norme compatible header.
trnl.me page
Gnuplotting wordpress theme
multiple Config files save
A shared space for working on an open standard around food and food business related data.
Goto CSS declaration in an open *.css file

Fork of http://code.google.com/p/throttled-smtp-appender/ but with threadsafety bugs fixed
Perl Script - A quick little perl backup wrapper for s3cmd sync
A test app for RoboSpice, see https://groups.google.com/d/topic/robospice/2UY_qprgPx4/discussion
A demo app created in 2008 on the Android 1.x SDK to test/demonstrate the built-in accelerometer in a T-Mobile G1 phone. Detects when the phone is dropped and plays an "ahhhh" scream sound. When free-fall stops, it plays a "phew" sound. Should work on lat
Front-end Web Development Project 2: Online Resume
openmoko u-boot fork with support for iPAQ h1940 and rx1950
Startup theme for WordPress projects
My dot files
Project 3: Classic Arcade Game clone
PHP and web development blog.
An example of how to use your finger to blur some parts of an UIImage
A Fake Android Camera That Generates Images Algorthimically

Unofficial mirror of hg.libsdl.org/SDL_image. Updated daily.

created during lesson 3 for hw2 


my bash files
basicqtskills-Lodifice created by Classroom for GitHub

fork joomla for testing purpose

Google App Engine Buildout Demo
My personal website
my first repository
Small library to copy images from a remove host to local mashine.
First Node module
This is my research area for hypermedia

A simple synthetic transaction (site login) traffic simulator written in Visual Basic

my git test
The template list for l3e-cli.
This is a required repository for the Launch School curriculum. It is intended to be a repo to store your solutions to chapter exercises to show the TA's during assessments.



Files used in atom video

my personal website

Everything that you have saved in your computer now a one place to go. NO More having to download different apps to save different things. This one does it all!!!
The Odin Project practice: http://www.theodinproject.com/ruby-programming/data-structures-and-algorithms?ref=lnav
Storing various test code from Python courses - use at your own risk
Documentation sur AVR_Atmel (Wiring/arduino)
fitio.io primary repository
A sample app from "Mastering iOS Frameworks". Demonstrates Core Location, MapKit and GeoFencing.
Set of resources for Sketch
This is a test to check the CD setting in Azure from GitHub


This is a repository for my personal website.  
Algorithm and data structure questions from online resources and books
CPT375 CakePHP Assignment 2015
A simple demo repository to show the basic git workflow
Jumpstart labs blogger course
Contains token data for capstone project

My resume
Example code how to connect LDAP server and perform search operation
Modified Kr Sphinx doc theme
A Project From Things Learned From Chrome Dev Summit 2015
My Predictive Analytics project for General Assembly Data Science course using NaNoWriMo data
C++  This is a test
Most used C++ classes
A PHP implementation of CoinPayments API wrapped up into a simple to use class.
Code for an tutorial to hide or show an HTML5 element, such as <div>, <span>, <iframe>, and more

Small applet for rotating the screen on Unity Desktop
just trying out

Example NodeJS Web Server from Udemy
An example React application (with test)

Some code to resolve my homeworks of the MongoDB course 
This repo contains an iPython notebook which generates PDF pages of small labels for pinned insect specimens from data stored in an iNaturalist project.
A repository created following the tutorial: https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/
Demo for the <ng2-markdown> component
Python Working

A repository used to hold the files I've put together for updating firmware of a Neato XV Rev 113/Cruz board


this is my attempt to redesign the existing homepage for placesbrands dot com and make it responsive
Deneme Repository

Final Project for UC Berkeley iOS Development Class
Ridiculously simple public transportation navigation

I am terrible at puzzles and terrible at code. But together, I am strangely engaged
just another repository
Cs229 and CS221 project, Stanford, 2015

My first repository on GitHub 
A blog where I explore installing linux on a 512MB G4 mac mini.



Brick breaker clone written in Javascript. Uses pixi.js and Tink libraries. #breakout #game
Yet another react components pack
A respository for learning git.
A ruby linked list implementation
site wordpress

This repository contains all the programs I have created in Java and C using Data Structures

Tiny peg list
An Arduino library for creating simple sequences.
Just for practice

My first repository on GitHub.
A translation of Apple's sample code PocketCoreImage into Swift
Fork feed
It is created for the purpose of testing. Reference to the OpenCV 3.0 is added. 

This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.



A small collection of methods to perform math operations on colors



Code from my CS162 Class 
First app we built for iOS course on Udemy


random tidbits as i work through perl6intro's syntax & features intro
copy paste to new comps for env on terminal sheel



For my E-Commerce Web Development Projects
For practice, I created this subscription-based Ruby on Rails web application utilizing ecommerce and software as a service models.
This is a test repo
Image Test



A clone of the popular mobile game Flappy Bird, using libGDX framework.
Multipart resume site

This repository is for created for learning Python. 
Tutorial using system time and real time 3D object manipulation
A personal clone of the HLStats project source code. Use the `1.65` tag for the last stable release.



Version control of my code as I work through Accelerated C++, a book by Koenig and Moo.
My super simple app to test out on jenkins
practice repository
A simple 3D face alignment and warping demo.
This is a repository to store sample packer and vagrant build scrpts

my own dotfiles 



Example Rails app for socket_helpers gem. Running at http://socket_helpers_example.herokuapp.com

"Fork me on GitHub" CSS ribbon Assets for Yii Framework 2.
Learning React.js
And dotfiles.

github pages repo
for python machine learning code
Documentation repo for Zhibaihe packages.
Miscellaneous personal and academic projects. Multiple languages.
Implementation of a basic Java Chat using Java IO.

A script made up of the work of several different minds used to read a .csv file to SSH into Cisco IOS devices and tftp their configs to a remote server. Requires PyCrypto, Paramiko, and Python 3. With some small modifications can be used to fully automat


2016-1-2, token will expire 120 months, fetch-youbike-to-firebase
personal .dotfiles and scripts
Contributing guidelines for all @duyetdev project.
This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.
Test / Learn React Redux trying to implement a game.
Example code to demonstrate how the TV listings grid was constructed for the Roku What's On Channel.
A terminal session with the host running SPJS. As of version 1.87 of SPJS you can send/receive basic terminal commands to host operating system. This widget is a front-end UI for the terminal from ChiliPeppr.
Tim Mart 1.0 - Web version 

DIV,CSS,JavaScript

A simple motion recorder in python
First time working in github
A work in proggress of a repo that allows you to share code and store it in a very user friendly place.
profile and dot files for linux

A fork of https://github.com/agoldst/tex adding support for the modern beamer theme (https://github.com/matze/mtheme)
This is a simple todo application, but the new features will be added to the application in time. It's built by Laravel framework


Developer documentation for Integratingfactor.com





example shows how to deploy gradle app on heroku
Netease SmartSpec Course JavaWeb Engineer
Google Homepage Clone
How to create custom replication agents in AEM using Akamai as an example.
just for test
To Do List example in Swift language



Dummy Project for Testing Purpose
Testing git working
Shivani test repo


A translation of Apple's sample code HeadsUpUI into Swift
A small project to rewrite a series of exercises written in Arduino C to ansi C for the AVR
Just some random work done by me

learning ruby koans
personal solutions for Advent Of Code 2015
this is the project for testing

lot of small independant projects
My DBC Phase 0 github pages site!
simple minesweeper in Python



Demo app rendering react on the server
first rails app for udemy course
My files for the course "Front-End JavaScript Frameworks: AngularJS" on Coursera.
Plusdeal API Sample Code

Google Breakpad fork for Unvanquished with jon.turney's MinGW support patches.
For proposed Node.js Testing Working Group. Hopefully can be moved to nodejs org before too long...

Normal the rasppi setting and config 



My quick solutions with Erlang for Advent of Code 2015
learning Python

Joomla Framework Testing
https://github.com/celluloid/celluloid


hello world test program
This is my first repository.
hare u can get all the project file of php tutorials series in hindi

Collection of fractal generation algorithms

Some pieces of my project
vue.js gulp webpack demo

Very basic encryption program written in java.
A typescript clone of the brauhaus.js brewing library
:octocat:This a personal blogs powered by GitHub which is the freest place to share views and make notes for any programmer!
test code of customer register and staff list, ect by phpand Mysql
my first GITHUB Web Application
Sample repo for workshop purpose
Java game. Created to practice project development, OOP principles, etc

Welcome repo for ReviewNinja to help you get started. Feel free to delete when you're done, we won't take it personally.
A simple todo list application working via command line interface
A small, opinionated framework built on Webmachine and Reel.

Some documentation for modding Duck Game.
material reddit clone

Just another repository




Online backup datastore of all my programs. Feel free to rummage through :)
Will run all test files (minitest) in a test folder if run from directory root
Solving Advent of Code 2015 in Ruby
Arthritis symptoms a person's head low for a bit afterwards because a man.  Arthritis diet, but it can potentially hire someone who did care.  Treatment for arthritis like a ship manned by barrel cutthroat buccaneers.  http://primearthritis.xyz selected a

System Security Exercises

iOs9 Swift 2 - Learning 
My dotfiles
Solution to hackerrank programming questions -> PHP
A basic site layout with the Susy engine

Ansible playbook for setting up a Linux dev machine for web development
Simple Node.js application with Redis as data store to demonstate docker hosting with sloppy.io
this repository is a java solution for projecteuler.net problems
Simple voting app created as part of FreeCodeCamp course.
Vagrant Lamp stack for project work
Source code for Tuts+ Course

A responsive resume

learn git
Fork of 1pass (1Password-compatible password management tool) by Ryan C. Gordon

This is my first program in github

Demo of using threadpools to improve performance on Android
Github Tutorial 
A Plex Media Server docker image.

project 1 for android nanodegree program 
Nyaa personal site.
Collection of cmd scripts to install deployment tools on an Azure website
Simple SPA example with Rails+Redux+React+Router+Webpack

summary and ppt for the book Learning Agile
this is a template generator that can manage inheritance of necessary redundancy in your code/document/anyotherText

My test projects of frameworks written in Java language.
App made by learning Michael Hartl's Rails Tutorial.


Dotfiles
prjects of our labs in Buaa University

Simple Console Rogue-Like for personal interest

The solution for an assignment in course - "Timekla tehnologijas 2"
A simple logging utility for Node.js
A repo for testing webhooks



Weblog with personal ramblings of Dolf Andringa, and ecologist, web developer and scientist. The website runs on Jekyll at github pages.







C# Style Guide


To use in the course for learning Android
Test projects

A virtual playground to start projects.

A Simple Row and Column Grouped HTML Table Generating Library

Simple, flexible rich text rendering/editing on HTML Canvas. Converted to TypeScript.

zhe's blog
Sample Django project using Visual Studio 2015 and Google App Engine SDK


Simple example for socket.io library


Python scripts from the 'Raspberry Pi Cookbook for Python Programmers' Tim Cox (2014)

the first project i post online
Simple Android application, where you can capture a photo and then it displays in ImageView.

The Mean CRM as a demo app
Firmware for a Midi Keyboard I built using my 3D Printer and a Teensy 3.2


Remote repo to help me test out my Github skills
Sample applications for my blog
A Sample of GitHub used for storing Student work

IBInspectable_IBDesignable_Demo is a Sample code use IBInspectable and IBDesignable on Objective-C 

Android Repository
A blog-building tutorial from "The Complete Ruby on Rails Developer Course Udemy"

Zheng's blog created by Hexo
Personal collection of adblock filters
A simple Resume Template
Here I will commit c++ coding practice things
This is a skeleton of Angular2 application with some basic features, approaches, etc.
the first repository
Cleaning of HTML code from debris
Php is a web programming language diversity and never expires we are currently planning a new onlineStore source and completely free
Example of conversion of bundled iconfont SVG <font-face> <glyph>s to separate SVG <path>s.


Complete source for http://www.raywenderlich.com/74106/mvvm-tutorial-with-reactivecocoa-part-1


Test for issue https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-config/issues/314.
Detecting communities in Facebook ego-networks - Project for the "Statistical Analysis of Network Data" course by Eric Kolaczyk at ENSAE ParisTech (visiting professor from Boston University)
Trying to learn some basic Python
Simple java program to illustrate Monty Hall problem


My Resume
advance ruby projects



My arduino's projects




first repository










Small script that allows you to download movies from the ard mediathek based on the video url

A twitter clone with beer
a simple tool to make native JavaScript object iterable, e.g. used in for...of
demo for angular js
Nginx proxy with basic auth capabilities


Learning Visual Studio Code 
Rails application - practice: adding pages, routes, and bootstrap.
My personal blog
Simple guide explaining how to generate a h.248/megaco parser

A small PHP program to send SMS messages to a GOIP GSM Gateway using a simple restful API

An example of counting change code in Scala.
My code for Algorithmic Thinking course, Rice University @ Coursera
My practice  



just the demo code with the 32C3 logo


Basic web server with PHP functionality
Github-Repo for my personal website
A simple node app to start a web server to serve HTTP files


Sample forum system

Collection of useful code snippets in various languages, feel free to use or extend :)

Repo for The Meteor Chef - Building a User Admin Tutorial
Simple rest client python class


Sample logic programs using C#
This is a sample on Backtory's back-end as a service product for Unity.
simple npm script based projects
Personal website for LENG Mei.
this is sample project about WebAudioAPI and three.js
Udemy React Tutorial
A mod that offers a base for building fastest like maps.


Simple app (15KB) to launch Storage Settings directly from the apps drawer

Learning book "The Python Standard Library by Example"
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/android-rome-feed-reader
CSC253 "Computer Graphics" Course Project.... Using GLFW GLEW
Example App using the Google Polyline Decoding
Web based document about MongoDB, including some examples with the java driver
It's an simple demo of ray tracing from the book<Fundamentals of Computer Graphics> of Peter Shirley using c++.
All of the projects I've done in previous courses


A hello world example for pygame. The game displays a box that can be moved around with arrow keys.

Docker for githubpages development
Blog

Repository for a project implementing the SIP stack for online communications. Being the 3rd laboratory project for course M7021E at the Lulea University of Technology, Sweden
A very small game engine I have been tinkering with
Testing
Playground: Testing Parse.com workflow
machine learning



placement task for android dev course 
A windows most simple engine made with C++ & DirectX
A simple book manager android app (Udacity Nanodegree exercise)
Full website example.
A learning all about Lumen project for tracking personal expenses.

Experimental very basic reactive streams implementation for JavaScript
Exercises for LaunchSchool - Course 1 - Programming Foundations.
R Course - Program Assignment 3
steam backup covers
Une demo de git
.gitignore file for Drupal8

A page to display my profile using HTML, CSS and BOOTSTRAP
Test repo


Learning Practise
vm,Cloud,storage




This is my first time to use GitHub,so I creat a test repository
Personal Website
Scripts and source-code examples for different tools to work with Unity Engine games
origin backup covers
Coursera - Exploratory Data Analysis - Course Project 2
A simple ecommerce website created with PHP and Python. Currently under Development
my-vim setting



Practice files related to my study of "The C Programming Language"
A simple C# application to verify who unfollowed you. Learning purpose only.

Python scripts from 'Programming the Raspberry Pi' Simon Monk (2016)
To work through the tutorial
FRC 2016 Source Code
A personal finance categorizer in Javascript.
School
Just a small unity project with no real purpose but testing stuff
first github repository
http://www.cgs.synth.net/
some examples in the book Beginning-Python-From-Novice-To-Professional
Google App Engine and Spring MVC example project


takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website
Simple web page with Leaflet map and geolocalisation.
All things data - Minecraft Forge Mod
Simple android project to manage my hours at work


A simple JavaScript library to manage colors.
The first tutorial of Angular2 Beta using Visual Studio
Git integrations with Android Studio.

Life is not what you have gained but what you have done!
Build artifacts from Travis CI.
My first java script ive made ;)
For my solutions to reddit/r/dailyprogrammer problems.
Super simple chat app using Firebase as the backend
Private school project/assignment
A development environment sample for WebPack's Hot Module Replacement with Babel, React, and Sass

Test
An instant messaging app created in Meteor for a Coursera course.


My version of the Javascript Chess Engine, created from watching video series provided by http://www.bluefever.net/Chess/index.html
Simple project test
Modules with diferent purposes for android projects.
Band(e.g. a cappella)'s practice feedback system
Example Scala programs demonstrating the use of different monads to query and work with the github api.


Playground repo for iOS Stanford course
Personal technical blog
pimp my vim
A simple chat system written in NodeJS using Sockets and Connect
Personal Blog

Learning git
My New Repo

Android app made for course DAVE3600 @ HiOA (2015)


The purpose of this program is to demonstrate the functionality of (LRU) cache memory.


Basic commerce website

Checkpoint 18 Address Bloc: Basic Ruby App
A Minecraft Mod that allows you to have tools and armor made of bedrock.


Project for Algorithmics course. Bloom and Cuckoo filters used for remembering elements added to list.
gci task: https://codein.withgoogle.com/dashboard/task-instances/6501030917308416/?sp-page=1


mobile app repo



This repo contains the information for a new fresher training
NodeJS tutorial project


My Spring Batch Examples

Fork of the espruino MQTT module
Irish School transitions as Sankey Diagrams
Files for the REACH High Spring 2016 course: Intro to Web Design Using Bootstrap
A sample repo for use in creating new storage modules for Botkit
Dockerfile for latest openui5 version
Scripts for building a basic Linux system, based on Linux From Scratch http://www.linuxfromscratch.org/

An example of using emacs org mode (babel/tangle) to set up a docker shell session and generate/run an image.

resume repository
For testing only
Because origin Hacker News website is so ugly, so I gonna spend my weekends build another web client using React + Redux + Webpack + Material UI just for fun.
dotfiles

practicar ryby sample app

a pomodoro timer written in Python

Everything for my move to Denmark
a web app demo for VIO


jonathan's github pages



This repository is created just to understand how a repository is to be created in GitHub.
A sample project to learn angular js
Golang forms library. It's meant to be for personal use, but if you like it you can use it.
Fullforms is a simple RESTful API which will give you access to lots of fullforms and meanings of shortforms via simple http request.

Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Stanford University @ Coursera
my first test app
My JWM config setup (Installs some Xfce components)
basic angularjs search app repo


first repository
Typicode Fetcher. A tiny project for FOSSASIA/Google Code-In 2015.
A custom hosts file with security in mind
Git and GitHub tutorial repository from Udacity
App to store information on new acquaintances so that you don't forget their names
This is for learning Git and GitHub


Yet another test!
Programs created during first year at University of Maryland

simple data access framework written in java
Swift 2 implementation of the Stanford iOS course's graphing calculator assignment
A practice social site, built using the MEAN stack
My solutions for the project euler problems written in C/C++.
Simple "Hello, World" app with Angular 2 beta
Simple Scripts and Docs about Apache Spark
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/detectdisplays

Archive of little projects I've made to play with new languages (computer and human) or work through a text.

Learning github

for testing
My /etc dir backup
My personal emacs settings with Prelude
A PHP sample showing how to extract viewables from the Autodesk OSS storage to your local machine
Practice programming projects for my sister

My first Pokedex had a lot of merge issues so I created a new repository to work with

Testing Spring JDBC + CDI
package list for Homebrew
Docker image for compiling Java webapps and deploying to installed Tomcat
A practice Django app for naming imaginary animals
Irwin Brady's Text, as of the end of 2015.
Toy example of D3 used for making a browser game. Hits performance limitation pretty fast. 
Main project
My portfolio
A simple busy indicator which can be trigger from any child or navigated page in react native application
My practice from books
UHC documentation (split off from UHC repo)

My backup of configs in $HOME
Code written when reading https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/
testing repository
First android app (Button, basic stopwatch)
Small project as exercise for school
GetHub Tutorial



This is a magento module example using modman
Parses simple HTMLFile systems that use tables to organize files
A Dockerfile for an Apache 2 reverse proxy with basic auth (hard coded user)
A simple SSH-like server
KGViewSeparators is a small helper library that helps to quickly insert separators into a view. No subclassing required!
My first repository
My custom dotfiles, using ZSH
Example scripts for OpenCV (Python).


This is a simple C# program that find the average of an array and the highest and lowest value of an array with the help of functions

Documentation (Python tutorial and how to use Reeborg) in multiple languages
Android app to display the contents of your Google Calendar on a Simple Nook eReader (although it should also work on other Android based eReaders).
My final project for ECE241 (U of T). It's a single-player version of the arcade game "Pong" implemented in Verilog.
Apache Docker image with configurable ServerName
My dot emacs

Apache Docker image with SSL turned on and a configurable ServerName.
Hadoop tasks repository for Parallel and Distributed Computing course at MIPT 2015



A diary of C/C++ exercises and examples
Its my first repository.
Testing specific features of https://github.com/miekg/dns
style guide for New England VegFest


jQuery Kreisdiagramm
This is an example site for the intro to Front-end Web Development Course at Flatiron School.

some fun experiments

My personal blog where I talk about technical concepts related to being a front-end web developer
Personal blog

Golang code for simple Monte Carlo simulations 

A set of 'HelloWorld' demos using various GWT and SmartGWT architectures including HTTP and DMI
Testing Github

A very basic hands on Android Kitkat
A basic App showing Fragment Display properties in Android
Fine selection of small Verilog modules under MIT license
learning ruby on rails
A POC project to demonstrate AndroidGridView
This is my first GitHub! I'm using this project as a way to learn a system that is new to me.

See YouTube: https://github.com/michaelbiafore/RemoteExample.git
i am using this repo to test atom editor behaviour
A small app built with flask for the final project of ud330 Full Stack Foundations class for udacity. 
moviesb api testing and udacity project
My version of the BBC Website 
A common place to compile resources of use to the research group
testing
This is the first app we built in the iOS course

Simple java server websocket and client websocket



A multi channel log emitter(a clone of my php snitchin) written in GO
A POC app to demonstrate simple RSS Reader in Android


Steps in reviewing and refactoring the code in question http://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/115012/report-for-a-restaurant-showing-hourly-sales-information-for-a-given-timespan
My first repository on GitHub
Setting up a new Mac
Assignment from freecodecamp.org, to create a small api microservice that parses the requesting browser's header and returns os, ip address, and language. http://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/basejump-request-header-parser-microservice
Few react components to compare github stars evolution of popular github repositories
My practice of testing website payoneer.com using howitzer cucumber.
A collection of the files for a sample website about wolves. It does not work.

A lightweight Node/Angular2 app to let my friends and family know what foods I can eat
Udacity Course Work



This is the base repo for the Spring 2016 offering of "Data Science" at Olin College.

Setting up sprites and platform controls in easeljs
Mode Emotions Mturk Study 2 (code & csv)
Example web server from node.js developer course
linux dotfiles managed via gnu stow



Following along http://c.learncodethehardway.org



My dotfiles for Unix systems
A simple example of an app created using Ransack and Rex.
I created a java Selenium Maven project to practice testing techniques for myself using JUnit to check if the automated test pass or fail

I'm experimenting react native. This project is work in progress...


Just a repo for me donking around with hapi/react
Test program 
A simple i18n translation and localization library for React+Fluxible applications.
Curso Git da Code Education



Personal Site

Simple dockerfile for use with wercker to compile android 6.0 projects
Intro and Next Steps in Foundation
2nd assignment for 2IMV20 (Visualization) at Eindhoven University of Technology
Backup copies for various projects i  fiddle with.
My personal Docker containers I use for development.



Very basic implementation of personal site built with Django
Source code developed during summer internship.
Starting learn Java program language - 2016



A SPA used for our wedding

Parses simple HTMLFile systems that use tables to organize files
Instructional projects that I have completed


My hackerrank code
Jupyter/Ipython notebooks for physical chemistry course

Simple script to notify via mail if your public ip has changed
saru tutorial
:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component
student-management-system-javax-swing-project
I have created a demo interview app using Meteorjs and Kurento. Sample 5 interview questions are there. Once the user clicks on start button, he /she can see see a question which has  to answered within 3 minutes or else it will disappear. Kurento media s

Attempting to create a github based blog for all of my coding meanderings
OS X Config files


Code and notebooks for BIOM262

Finagle practice



practice with git and github
A Private MA Server
Following Udemy React Course - learn-and-understand-reactjs
Basic libevdev binding for node.js
The repo for my work in Responsive Web Design Fundamentals. 
Github Page
My first repository on GitHub

Small educational scripts to teach programming, some math, possibly some physics.
Python Automation GUI Experiment (PAGE)

Get basic stats for each repo in a GitHub organization as org-mode tables
compiler I wrote for University class
UDP flooder written in python 2
A personal guide on how to get started making games by Jonathan Topf



Blog Post Describing Different Ways of Transporting Data over the Web, with a particular focus on WebSockets
Template repository for building Ansible roles off of, including good unit testing and documentation.
Docker Python CI Environment
new
Tests towards doing basic pyglet rendering tasks faster through data orientation and numpy
first contact
Rails group project

New Folder created
Code for Django Girls website tutorial

My Website
A simple tool that helps managing the slugs for Posts, Pages and Custom Post Types.

A learning resource for front-end development
A translation of Apple's sample code Using UIImagePickerController to Select Pictures and Take Photos into Swift

Practice Project
A simple blog/website practice project powered by Node and the Express framework.
Very simple Python script to display artist name and track title on i3blocks
Examples of projects I've worked on
The Odin Project - google-homepage
Simple tool for setting up reminders. Works in the background, allows to create/modify/delete reminders and their reoccurences. Application created in VS 2015.  Feel free to contribute.
Using HTML and JS Create the Standard Animation Practice of Making a Ball Bounce
A simple web todo list application employing jQuery, CSS and HTML
Pelican Theme for my personal site (http://crowdersoup.com)
This is a repository for random (but useful) functions I have created.
Mi first application created using Ruby on Rails.

A large ensemble algorithmic work based on a number of ideas related to Ordinals.
A simple test repo for git study
A basic project with chai mocha testing
JS implementation of examples from "A Programmer's Geometry"



Tech Test
These are the PHP files developed while completing Treehouse's PHP Development Course
This is my CakePHP blog


A simple javascript space station game
An excerpt from my Summer 2015 REU project with the BU Bioinformatics Department (BRITE REU).

A collection of links of my preferred web tooling.
Final Project for the CS225 Computer Science/Java class

Bringing all my frequently accessed sites to a single page. Total emphasis on minimizing typing.
Algorithms Robert Sedgewick Course Work
repository for tests



Basic Calculator made during summer

Qt test application for asynchronous local file reading
Medium clone built with Ruby on Rails
Portfolio page made using flexbox, srcset, and Gulp. Also, Udacity project 1.
my blog code
Just some basic server shiet to mess around with
Inheritance, Access modifiers in inheritance, super keyword, class hierarchy in Java

My vim config
A look at how to build a simple order book using C++,with testing being done using Google Test

A simple example shows a way to validate user inputs in a form.
This is my Learn.ModernDeveloper repository, as I traverse Career Path 3!
Google groups for Developers
A demo app for me to demonstrate my skills
A simple Rails Blog developed using Behavior Driven Development


First Repo

Mirror copy of the Debian packaging of python-q
Fork of https://code.google.com/p/io-2012-slides/
script to search and find potential jobs
Collection of git branches of experimenting and learning Elm (elm-lang.org)
Learning Play framework in Java
This is the first app we built in the iOS course
Flash/Actionscript Grid-based collision detection example, runs on HTML page
Demonstration of how the .Net geometry-api-cs computational geometry library can be used as a RabbitMQ worker

Resume for David R Prothero in Bootstrap and Angular.js

Small, quick chat server as an Erlang exercise

This repository contains the EmulationStation theme "Carbon"
GitHub clone of SVN repo http://trac-hacks.org/svn/sumstatsplugin (cloned by http://svn2github.com/)
git clone of sybrenstubel's flickapi hg repo (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi/)

Various small projects with Arduino


Second revision of my BitChat Server!
Learning: to show how to use template in C++

Example script - how to use the ESP8266 as IoT device

Proof of concept project for Spring 3.2 and Apache Tiles 3.0.1
Versioned Personal Identity
Pragmatic testing ebook
Functional programming training based on "Functional Programming in Scala" book by Paul Chiusano and Runar Biarnason

A collection of small C programs
An Unprofessional Blog Engine Created With ASP.NET MVC By Tugberk Ugurlu
My github pages site.
Sagittarius fork

A simple patch-server for games and apps based on HTTP and file hashes.

AppleScripts I find useful for working with OSX


 My solutions, written in Python, to the problems posted on Project Euler -- a series of math problems which can only be solved using a computer.

My Emacs config

My personal Vim installation, following the same procedures as the Janus project
fork of gojsonpointer with support for structs
Arnold Worldwide training repo for git and github
Scripts that I have made over time

Mirror of http://dvcs.w3.org/hg/webdriver/ 
fork of git://libvirt.org/libvirt
Source code of my Jekyll-based website
This repository has been deprecated, please use one of the separate ANDS application-specific software repositories listed at: http://github.com/au-research/

Mirror svn repo of T2 Sde project
Official repo is in bitbucket: https://bitbucket.org/sillsdev/l10nsharp
.vim configurations
My dotfiles

This is a simple web application which implement Two-Factor authentication by TOTP and Google Authenticator
crawler4j fork from Google code

my dot files
jQuery plugin for creating a gallery of zoomable images from an anchor list.

Contains my dotfiles

Insert, Retrieve, Update and Delete data from SQLite database in Android
Lean WordPress Theme
My fork of OpenWRT 12.09 Attitude Adjustment branch
Keep track of your personal wine list
Documentation about the Grml Server
A small utility for working with cookies.

Demonstration C++ module for ProFTPD
Multiplayer Boggle Clone
Michael Hartl's Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application
My zsh dotfiles, ellipsis.sh compatible.
scripts and dotfiles
My custom devel config files, dot files and helpers needed to only have to install it on a new machine and start geeking
Simple documentation generation for Brat
Simple iOS prj as a team Run-in
My resume

This is very simple code that can be used to demonstrate the caveats and design issues associated with building real-time chat server that uses socket.io.
Simple php based endpoint to resolve encoding URLs based on request parameters
Placeholder description: @fredex42 created this with repo-genesis
Small Python script that takes a list of directories zips them and uploads the zip to a ftp server. Also deleting all zips older than the configured stale option. Thought it could be useful to someone out there.
Soluciones para problemas en http://coj.uci.cu
A simple demo of a web page interacting with sleepy mongoose REST api using JQuery. Instructions for Mac OSX running MAMP.
this is just a mirror of https://bitbucket.org/hasufell/hasufell-overlay
My blog
Logos and graphics relating to Foreman (http://theforeman.org/)
various pieces of code used by many of my projects
My personal vim configuration
the docker swarm running overviewer.org
A git mirror of official flickrapi hg repository (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi) with some additional customizations.
Used for some changes for the swiss pirate party, based on a "git svn clone http://svn.code.sf.net/p/postfixadmin/code/ --stdlayout" and a "git filter-branch --prune-empty --tag-name-filter cat -- --all"
Programa simple de redes neuronales para java

Resume in LaTeX.
Basic plugins for TweakCart2

a collection of graphical effects used in the demoscene
My personal fork of the SHRINE project located at: http://catalyst.harvard.edu/services/shrine/
simple library to use/parse grok patterns with php
svn clone http://dangerous-prototypes-open-hardware.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Bus_Pirate
Pointers to useful, well-written, and otherwise beautiful documentation.
My vim files

Clone of git://anongit.freedesktop.org/gstreamer/gst-plugins-base
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
An old Client-Server messaging program I made in highschool. I'm keeping this for nostalgia.
Testium is a very Flexible and Plugin-able Test Automation Engine written in java. It is Open Source and fully supports the XML-based file formats of the Standardized Test Tool Interfaces as described in http://www.testtoolinterfaces.org/. Other file form
SiteSwap, a simple asynchronous test framework based on lunit.
New Flyspray theme proposal
Fork of http://git.suckless.org/dmenu with selected patches from http://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/patches/
A collection of Xcode Templates that I use. Well...so far only Coda and SIMBL plugin
My vim ultisnips snippets
Obsolete, see https://github.com/atykhonov/google-translate
Open source e-commerce and marketplaces made simple on the JVM
Small R-Type shooter based on craftyjs.com
Finnish translation for Symphony CMS
LaTex version of resume
hold my dotfiles here
A dark color scheme for Vim.

configuration files for bash
Deprecated, see https://github.com/Stonelinks/stonelinks.github.io
Split from cookbooks-heavywater; DO NOT USE as is (will be replaced with proper fork or retired)
A simple example presentation made in showboat
git - the simple guide
Collection of my dotfiles for easy access
My dotfiles - vim mastering - I can't go back anymore

SQL Map is a (very) simple SQL mapper. Most suitable for daemon development or Android stuff.
Reid's DR git clone
A simple websocket client for send and receive data from a Node Server.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
My dotfiles
A simple zsh configuration and prompt. See the PeepCode blog below for a graphical example.
Vim dotfiles for pathogen and other configurations
An example website template for managing a band using Ruby on Rails
Simple issue tracking system written in Rails 3
This is a fork of the open source agent simulation platform "Gestalt".
Simple detection and punishment of Combat Loggers
My VIM setup
Very basic template for new rails projects
tvtorrentrss fork to remove all unused and unnecesary code
Copy of the last free wurfl.xml data file
Used to download correct code for compiling
  This project has been deprecated.
Python script that scrapes list of all camera models from Flickr.com
My vim config
Temporary copy of https://code.google.com/p/bastmush/ , nothing to see here, go over there.
Thsi is a test project
My dotfiles

This is a copy of the JNLua repository over on http://code.google.com/p/jnlua/

Sample hellogitworld repo for GitHub Training classes
test fork from svn googlecode to git
This is a practice Ruby project using cucumber for web-site testing

A community list of social media events in portugal
Solutions to short programming challenges from http://reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer
A simple dogecoin mining setup script for Debian based servers
Helper-app for beekeepers.
My website running on my home server. I'll get a real webserver someday, don't worry.

Just a Repo used to test code and learn github
for vim-pathogen


Simple blackjack player vs computer with AngularJS running on NodeJS 
A fork of the WordPress Simple Colorbox plugin
dotfiles


Mirror of  vim-scripts /c.vim version 6.1

vim rc files and configurations
Simple tool to download videos from edX-based sites


my resume
Code from the Developer's Perspective blog

Sample code that shows how to embed a youtube video player in an Objective-c application using UIWebViews


Collected resources about Facebook's React



android developer's first sample application
vim configuration


Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo app
Docker config for a ghost setup. Extra: nginx vhost config template with performance optimizations

The demo app for Ruby on Rails tutorial
playing with clojure, heroku, and mongo. Fuck I love functional languages. Feels like math, and gets shit done.
First website that's not personal. Incorporates LESS


Ed Hatrick-Smith's Portfolio site
Demo rails app
A collection of post install scripts for configuring security, development environments, and servers on debian. Just here to make things easier. Free Software Only.
Personal Practice at AI using a checkers game
This is an open source project of using Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) in milton
A proper place to keep my conf files and scripts.
Using type-classes for optional function arguments.
A basic application to look for ppl to share cabs with. Has minimum functionality with FB oauth. Frontend uses bootstrap.
The most basic anonymous online game. My first side project with AJAX tech.


A simple jQuery plugin for date selection.
Vision - sample app for Advanced Express Web Application Development by Andrew Keig
A docker image which my sites are based on.
A small javascript browser based game of "running from the thorns". Uses a game JS library "Gamelib"by Brent Silby
watch all water information
Device config for Xperia L
Code example of  Volley Framework for HTTP requests.

Created by studio
The day I saw you and we met each other


Repo for team "Excessive Use of -Force" for the 2014 Winter Scripting Games.
Was using pixi, switched to phaser.js. Just trying a small game.
java practice projects

ZMODEM file transfer between machines via a serial crossover cable.
Summarise page masters in a FO document.







Web based application to create and alter basic operations on AWS EC2 instances.
Creating a particle system in C++ for learning purposes.  Uses SDL2 for graphics.


Trivial example of log4j integration with Logentries in Scala


work of lee
The test app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
For WDI PW2 work

Template project for testing out Javascript vNext (ECMAScript 6 aka "Harmony") via the Google Traceur Compiler with a simple Express service.
AngularJS Simple Cart Implementation


my dot emacs
New SQYBI.com with Django. Notice that the RoR version is deprecated!
Simple tools for building card games in python.
An Example code with custom bundle, REST,OAuth,API Documenation,FOSUser
STM32 USB-HID demo project, and utilitities
MyFirstGitTest : http://www.raywenderlich.com/22590/beginning-automated-testing-with-xcode-part-12
Mirror of vim-latex from Sourceforge
The demo app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Sample Repository for Git EXP
Simple Upstart template
practice with material for technical interviews
A fork of the WordPress TwentyThirteen Theme

Just a little test-repository. The files in this repo are not meant to be used in any way (and mostly don't work).
A test using dropbox API

my testing ground
Sublime Text config files
Project 1 for Stanford University Objective-C course





source code for html 

This ist just a small game, written by myself in c.
A simple hadoop based project for learning. This project extracts the discharge summary data and using International Classification of Diseases (ICD) codes will perform the quick search on a specific disease and returns the highest number of other diagnos


my user page
A demo of how to use the SubscriptionBundle
A dropbox for small commandline tools and scripts I build. Many for media management like image resizing or server admin, but otherwise a random grab-bag of unrelated stuff. Linux + OSX shortcuts. In git so I can find them again next year.
Basic robots.txt generator plugin for Hexo

Boilerplate template for grunt based projects
Documentation and examples for an introductory workshop about Boost

my ember.js practice

Small script which adapt the brightness of the screen with your web cam.
Blog
A collection of useful javascript helpers, again.
This repository will house R code for some programming exercises in a class on Computational Statistics. When I was taking this class, I often thought stumbling upon a repo like this would have been helpful. The work here is largely my own, but obviously 
Practice App
This is the code that is inteded to go along with the post "Test-Based coding in Node JS with Mocha" on the http://bits.hugeinc.com/ site.

Source code syntax highlighting: C/C++/Prolog/... -- HLX --> HTML. (college course exercise)
C++ Templates - The Complete Guide
Python introduction tutorial with some sample application
fork from http://sourceforge.net/projects/opascalscript/
Documentation for the Statamic CMS in Dash Docset format 
Example of mapping PHP Objects to relational database tables using Symfony2 and Doctrine
Just a collection of my research related ipython Notebooks

A practice backbone app
Ubuntu Server Guide
Small JS Library to queue CSS3 Animations
Documentation for the Internet Archive S3 API

just a test

Simple example of a Java ClassLoader that forcibly reloads from disk each class instance
a collection of effects all build with TweenLite or TweenMax.
Simple console application to get the MD5 hash of files in a given directory (or a specific file, if an extension is provided). Needed this to support the Updater in my SAI-Editor.


scm-manager preinstalled into docker using the ubuntu base


script of R for learning purposes
My projects

This is a simple python script to automate the molecular dynamics and minimisation protocols with gromacs. Current version can perform minimisations of protein-ligand complex only
Ruby on rails tutorial - first app
Implementation example of Spring-Hateoas (client wich consume and expose RESTful HATEOAS Service)Source from my article : http://bewilcox.blogspot.fr/2013/12/generer-lexposition-de-vos-entites-jpa.html

LightStor Standard Documentation

Lego Mindstorms EV3 hacking, documentation + list of projects.
SharePoint 2007/2010/2013 PowerShellscript to copy user permissions on all specified sites/subsites
Coursework for CS 590 - Computational Microeconomics. Taught by Vince Conitzer, Duke University, Spring 2014. 
A demo application for illustrating the use of list view and adapters. It also consists the functionality of callbacks to change the items of the list view. (e.g. working of like/unlike button)

Basic shell script for create and delete apache virtual hosts.
An example project using Grunt with a Magento theme
Sample api client for Diffbot.com. This is just sample with one api call to article api of diffbot.Shared just for demo.
Some regex practice katas I made for a presentation.
jansegre.com site
these are small scripts that I have written to perform certain scientific computing tasks, namely for a course I have taken on quantitative economics
jQuery to add active css style once you scroll to specified anchor.
dot files
My new site host by git pages.
Just a few basic quiz questions / solutions to quizzes that I ask potential candidates to look at based on their experience



A test of github pages, with a bit of jekyll, listing some code related stuff I have done
FFQ Test
Notes and example implementations of design patterns in JavaScript
A basic web page that uses a carousel using the bootstrap framework
Some exercises taken from http://adriann.github.io/programming_problems.html
PCB files for Adafruit 16x2 LCD Pi Plate for Raspberry Pi

My solutions to exercises from Kernighan & Richie "The C Programming Language" (Second Edition)
Git repository for work from 7 weeks 7 languages book
A collection of Twig tools and extensions

a set of small programs that are useful to be inserted in bigger projects
Documentation for the Trapper project
http://blog.revolutionanalytics.com/2013/12/k-means-clustering-86-single-malt-scotch-whiskies.html
test folder, learning git via ubuntu terminal

Documentation wiki for using AppWarp On-Premise
Various for-fun scripts and projects
Small application for Android what helps people learn multiply table. Made it for Android101 course
Dribbble API & Angular.js
School Project - Create a tool that displays information about the disk
Demo of recoupling a decoupled project. Effective likelihoods and template parametrizations are hosted on the web.
Tempbox. A demo app showing UserApp, Python and AngularJS running together.
My first app


Example code for personal use from the book Node in Action.
tcp server java example
The first app for the Ruby on Rails tutorial
NCSSM Sign-Out project technical details.
Test-repo 3
This was a school assignment.
A simple browser created using java libraries
website for dng.io
Clone this and correct the jQuery errors!


Mastering C# 4.0 Pluralsight course - Jon Skeet
A small log for all the coffee I taste


This repository stores the projects I have developed
A small app, that's used in the Ruby Tutorial.
A simple library for generating svgs in python
SignalR demo
docker files
A collection of ML Algorithms
Documentation and Resources for the Minecraft Mod Station


I'm learning rails!

Personal page & blog
repo for recipe storage
Installs Ruby 2.x on Ubuntu 12.0.4.LTS from the Brightbox Ruby NG PPA.
vim dotfiles

Template I use to start my scala projects.
gotta level up those git skills!
a simple plugin that displays the browser window-width handily in the wp toolbar


A simple and elegant implementation of Lisp on C#/.Net
Projects I created in my free time
Trying to get League of Legends stats GUI up and running. Personal use only so far
Testing GitHub out
My personal website
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample app
Just testing Github Pages
Famous computer scientists image and text
test github pages
A notification-daemon fork supporting more options
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
A set of packages for the concrete5 content management system used by the ITM web site
This is a simple script that handles modifying the contents of a GPG encrypted archive.


The documentation for the Bootstrapper package
Original source of my blog posts. Written in Ghost flavoured Markdown (Haunted Markdown)
All other codes that are done for courseworks and personal fun
A website / theme for Small Victories.
Simple IntelliJ IDEA plugin for Android Studio
Learning game for small children
My (own) Sheltie Pedigree project written in Java generating all HTML from an XML, no database.
A command line tool & a small component to manage your proxies in your JS code

Saves state against an entity in MongoDB with simple constants and helper methods
A simple Pinball game using C++ and OpenGL
My stuff created while studying, training, being trained, or playing.
A small helper module for image galleries in WordPress, using ACF.
Sample Code for Spring LWHS Device Invention Class
The first app for Ruby on Rails tutorial
Source code for livetocode blog

Store data in local storage



The content files for the LCDM website at the University of Illinois.
Data and parameters to replicate experiments in Model-Based Aligner Combination Using Dual Decomposition
A simple java pipe for couchdb changes feeds
a backup of the main site

Collection of my solutions for algorithmic problems from infoarena.ro, written in C++.
reprap design repo

minimalistic example of a game based purely on skill
TDD Webdev for Python exercises
Practice of Bruce Molay's book on Unix/Linux programming.
Demo application
Pre-course Exercises
*Nix Security Scanner - a simple security scanner for Linux and Solaris hosts written in Perl that checks both that systems have been hardened and that they have not been compromised.

My first Mvc framework

configuration files


The first app for the Ruby o Rails Tutorial
An example registration handler for setting up Salesforce with OpenID Connect

This repo is just testing the github streak strategy
Sample C++ Code:  Nonlinear Optimization Library  (includes a 3rd-Party FORTRAN library)
python util for  generating mongo's document.
My Engineering Graduation work about Textile RFID tag antena
First App

The sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial

Implementation of my solution to the problem of image-based location recognition using binary descriptors.
Dating Python - A quick start guide to Python programming
The first project  for rails
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

This repository accompanies the Tuts+ course PHP OOP Fundamentals

Test of Twilio SaaS using Play Framework 2.2.1
A simple plug-in for jQuery mobile which adds content to a list.

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

My Sublime Text 3 setup / packages / prefs.
Single Page Nav is a light-weight and simple to use jQuery plugin
Std theme atweb
Just a litte project for testing
Simple module to send emails in background using oorq


Using Azure Active Directory with a WebAPI and testing via client console app
Simple Ruby API for the Bing Ads SOAP Webservices
Zipios++ is a java.util.zip-like C++ library for reading and writing Zip files. Access to individual entries is provided through standard C++ iostreams. A simple read-only virtual file system that mounts regular directories and zip files is also provided.
Prezi Notes on Google Glass during presentation
Simple Grid with paging and search for Play Framework 2 based on Bootstrap
Sample app  for learning github 

My final year project for University. A tool for teachers to be able to easily create multiple choice test for their students.

Repository for me learning web design
Simple daemon that monitors /var/log/auth.log and notifies you via Twitter DM whenever somebody logs in successfully.

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Template Project for Google Glass compatible Android app using OpenCV
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
GitHub Pages Repository
final project of cloud course
personal website
http://uva.onlinejudge.org/
Code for my Wikimedia Labs Tools account
Vagrant + chef solo configs to set up Dashboard VM in just minutes

Experiments with Hoeffding inequality, feasibility of learning from sample data
My microcontroller/arduino playground


vim
Simple fog server and protocol.
Basic Ruby Control Panel
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial


A basic scorm tracking plugin for Adapt
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
learning to use git
ios course final task
Simple kernel module to be used in workshop about kernel modules.

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

Something to demo git use in class
Example plug-ins for GammaRay
Pelican starter theme to be used with theme inheritance, see https://github.com/getpelican/pelican/issues/1092 & https://github.com/getpelican/pelican/pull/1327.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Mirror of lp:pyopengl
Keller's Personal Game/Engine
xgl emacs setting
Read-only mirror of "countreg" from r-forge SVN.
Dotfiles. For me! My dotfiles.
Personal website
This project exists to help others use basic graph theory (Dijkstra's, closeness centrality, disconnected subgraph detection...) on the D3 graph data structures.
A set of Emacs color themes based on Chris Kempson's 'tomorrow' themes
A clone of Gameboy Tetris using HTML5 canvas written in javascript.

Demo game to show off many features of StrangeIoC

Cross-platform Paint.NET clone
Sublime Text 2 config files
Github mirror of  MediaWiki extension GlobalContributions - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Basic Arduino sketch to measure relative humidity and temperature using an EFS-10 and an LM135.
Fork is maintained at https://github.com/guard/guard-brakeman Go there instead
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
dotfiles such as .vimrc, .zshrc, .tmux.conf, .gitconfig and so on
redirects to personal site
Read-only mirror of "analogue" from r-forge SVN.
My dotfiles
Mirror of http://drupal.org/project/panels_tabs provided by hubdrop.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
\N
An easy way to include all files within a directory. Note: This is a fork of felixge's require-all which allows for optional includes.
A simple python program for solving Mastermind
Nokia Education Delivery documentation
The streaming build system for PHP, inspired by @gulpjs.
A Python Turtle program I created

Demo site for my session at DrupalDownUnder 2012
A non_blocking_lock implementation for ActiveRecord adapters (well, just mysql2, at the moment). This is just a quick and dirty extraction due to the Rails 3.2 deprecation of vendor/plugins. README/tests/etc coming later.
(DEPRECATED) My first html game start.
A set of extern classes for Haxe that wrap the Titanium API (http://developer.appcelerator.com/).
This is a collection of useful Oracle SQL and shell scripts that I frequently use
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
deprecated
A basic Flask app template using MongoEngine
Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/ad_google_maps/. Updated daily with svn2git.
A simple octopress blog, more work-related than anything else.
gap proxy clone from code.google.com/gapproxy
vim setting
collection of ruby util scripts
PostBin, a simple web service for testing WebHooks (HTTP POST requests).
Simple PHP contact form using bootstrap and the jQuery validation plugin.
simple twitter clone
Just a little Galaga clone written in Java.

An extensible IRC bot written in Python. Mostly functions as a testing ground for playing with Python.
A minimal online chatroom implemented using HTML5's Websockets with a Ruby back end.   It's pretty basic right now, and probably won't be useful to many people.


Mirror of Alfresco Community Edition (see https://wiki.alfresco.com/wiki/GitHub)
Simple Markdown Service In Sinatra
My Resume in LaTeX
A simple web based school management system.

The Laughing Man logo implemented in pure HTML/CSS
Win32 code example to list all the imports within the executable, very useful aid to understanding PE executables and the API calls they are trying to use from various DLL's.
WPoniOS - Rest API is a plugin which provide a rest interface in WordPress CMS.
Fork of mapsforge - https://code.google.com/p/mapsforge/
No longer supported see - https://github.com/meh/ruby-tesseract-ocr
All sample projects, which belong to my posts on blog.volger.org
A small, fast and simple 3D scene graph vector engine for JavaScript based on the HTML 5 canvas technology
