test repo
Some exercise and sample
Basic structure for a REST client using the Silex microframework to consume the sample https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestServer  For documentation review please go to https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestClient/wiki
practice

Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/mfc_canonical/. Updated daily with svn2git.
This is a fork of Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) from http://www.nrl.navy.mil/itd/ncs/products/core  A description from the project page: "The Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) is a tool for emulating networks on one or more machines. You can con
from SchiShu had to seriously mod some stuff and have more to do its a wip
A very simple Rails 3 sample app using my fork of the Paths of Glory achievement system gem.
A collection scripts for android and linux
Documents my recovery
Webhook test


Example prosthetics in a django-nonrel based runner environment.
SearchPhp - Pimcore Website Search (fork of official Pimcore plugin http://www.pimcore.org/resources/extensions/detail/SearchPhp)
This library is a lua client for SC-Server. It is a simple client that implements most of the interface of SC-Server.
My current vim setup (.vimrc, .gvimrc and .vim directory)
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
The project consists in an Android application that can be used by employees in a restaurant to handle the clients, their orders and can help them easily find free tables or place orders. This is only a demo application, created mainly for proof of proper
My personal config files.
personal website
collection of resources related to design and user experience
A port of my hlbsp project (rendering BSP v30 files from Halflife and it's mods (expecially CS 1.6)) to JS and WebGL (It's currently a project for school)
Development standards documents
Github mirror of "operations/debs/python-phabricator" - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing
Wordpress theme for S2A website
A collection of practice exams for exams in core curriculum CS courses at RIT.
[deprecated] can be replace with v2 of i18next

A collection of Python scripts to create and manipulate multiple Reddit accounts.
Documentation of the Guild Wars 2 Archive file (gw2.dat)
Demo of grails-cookie plugin
A small Photo Gallery script.
demo of postgres as a cloud service for Heroku
homepage and blog
Clean Yeti Basic WordPress Theme
BuildGen is a cross-platform build script generator. It reads simple configuration files and creates an output such and an IDE project or a Makefile. 
A collection of personal SlackBuilds.
Documentation bundled with KISS IDE
Collection of salt state files for use and testing
GNOME 3 extension to create a new application instance with the wheel button.
These are my dotfiles. There are many like it, but this one is mine.
NOTE: maya2renderer is moved to https://github.com/maya2renderer/maya2renderer
Example of a scalable robotframework test suite, following the example at http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/tools-and-tips/get-test-infected-with-selenium-2/ but using RobotFramework
MVC 5 Project with Durandal
First test with Git & Eclipse
Outlet is a simple Lisp-like programming language
Simple Scripting Language, based on Javascript
\N
odoo afr module
This is a test to work on repo configurations

USE THE UPSTREAM GIT REPO INSTEAD http://root.cern.ch/git/root.git or here https://github.com/root-mirror/root. Mirror of CERN's ROOT svn repository, updates are run hourly. master branch is svn trunk. Branch branches/dev is suppossed to be a set of branc
personal blog

A mirror of the testing series of the KiCad bazaar repository.
Simple ToDo Application using Google App Engine
An experimental repo for a web based interactive Dart tutorial.
Example code for my Art of Hibernate Optimization talk
A basic "facebook-like" standalone wall (posts, comments, like/unlike) with php/pdo/ldap, html, css and javascript/jquery
Todoist.com backup
On-the-fly documentation
Personal Website
collection of scripts for personal use!
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
my dotfiles
Just a test!
Test repo

Example .Net MVC project


KSP Interstellar Near Future Integration which is a Fork of Boris-Barboris/KSPInterstellar




Cookbook Page Project
ecommerce site to learn php

My notes on learning PHP in Chinese.
Personal website / blog / notes.



Basic repo to get started using clojure in heroku

A small Java program that converts an integer to its corresponding word.
demo-demo

My personal tech blog
My personal blog
Old repo for my personal portfolio site. No longer updated.

The code for my personal website- www.vineetk.com
List of coding resources. 

(FINISHED) :computer: My first NW.js app. Just for test (I was bored and anxious of learning something new)
Computer Networks Course Projects
This is a test repo
first repo new arduino board for christmas!
Swift implementation of basic container view controller
Developing Android App
Repository for playing around with code from The Haskell Road to Logic Math and Programming
Just another repository
I wrote my resume in LaTeX based on the one by Alessandro Plasmati <https://www.sharelatex.com/templates/cv-or-resume/professional-cv>.


Swift Conventions and Style Guide
Course Project of Formal Verification

Misc. collection of c++ programs illustrating the capabilities of the language.



working through Rust by Example http://rustbyexample.com/



a small game using pygame
Base WordPress Theme
PHP projects



This is a project created to make web development more simple, I think there are a lot of duplication in web development. If we can abstract the common part as module and next time with some providing configuration file like(XML, YAML etc), we can generat
first git
Demo Wordpress 
An open gl test project

Personal Repo to store daily /r/dailyprogrammer challenges


Some tools used in my working life
Just test

CO318 network programming 2 course 1st group project ( With Kanchana Gamage )
Tutorial Ruby on Rails Application
Android example with Portals user login
Generate Wiki pages in Confluence following provided page structure


personal website
Example Android application for accessing RPC and Portals APIs

The classical todo example in various frameworks, basically for learning and demo purpose.
North Hennepin CS1130 Java programming class
/* I decided to start this new year, playing with Java. I will use this class later for a clock component */

The playground of all things ianpmcintyre.com
My Resume/Portfolio
some exercises from .js roadtrip on Code School

Simple Payroll system implemented using Ruby on Rails
A working example of using the Facebook iOS and Facebook Android Components with Xamarin Forms
:floppy_disk: List of coding resources. 
A simple notebook with 1 page 

Ruby coding exercises from Chris Pine's Learn to Program book.


Manny's Magical Master Manager is an aid to manage the small details of DMing for you, so you can focus on the real work. Currently available as a text-based interface, a GUI is planned eventually.

february ruby class

Tutorial for Django List
server
A simple Mustache parser written in C

HasanOzgan's Personal Web Site


A repository to test the development of responsive navbars
My first Android Wear Disaster
This just to try uploading my project





First repository for Hadoop programming



A collection of Utils that i use in my plugins





A small python/flask baised "search answers" project to explore indexing, parsing, retieving open data

Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015.
Puppet manifest for setting up new machines
Coursera online course - R Programming
This class can be used to check the validaty of Swedish Person number.
A simple image processing software which needs to be improved



The code project done for the LinkAcademy Java course assigments



Fooling around with Haskell and Dota 2
This is a simple vbscript App for text to voice conversion
localgit repository
Basic Space Invaders clone written in Love2D 
Working example of jakewharton's dagger+butterknife demo app


Sample Repository created to learn Git
Java source following The Cherno's Game Programming tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFYT7Lqt1h8&list=PLlrATfBNZ98eOOCk2fOFg7Qg5yoQfFAdf



learn how to clone a repository form remote repository
Based on OneMonthRails tutorial, building a Ruby web app



contains sample files
Test project to show the problem described in http://stackoverflow.com/questions/27721621/java-lang-verifyerror-with-mockito-1-10-17
This is an assignment for Calgary University GSWL

Test

Demo Drawer Menu Material Design
GitHub practice

my first foray into git. I'm gitty. *rimshot*
just another demo

happy school days
Simple web application like twitter
Problems solved in Topcoder live competitions + practice rooms

Basic algorithms and data structures

Beginner codebase for me to write small, grid-based java games.
First repository based on tutorial guide
Udacity Git/GitHub training course reflections
I made this project for secret chat application among my friends.
This was the course I had taken in MSBA Program (UT Austin) to learn the basics of Text Processing

Duke's personal page
Basic Ruby programming project for theodinproject.com
test project
Fork from https://github.com/rstacruz/nprogress.git
A small python script that controls a DSLR to take up to 31 pictures for HDR processing

Sample project testing
Multilingual version of qooxdoo






base data struct and algorighms api

A simple map hack for Path Of Exile
Awesome Space Storage Inventory Management

Rest-API / YII - PHP
Some Python scripts I wrote to learn Python.

Simple server & client applications in Ruby.
A SignalR test project. Where AngularJS is in play, which wrap SignalR nicely.
Simple REST Client using Apache HTTP
This is a parent project as a library. It's a summary of my Android development experience. It concludes lots of tool classes, such as some classes about SharedPreference, IO, Download, Network and so on. Of course, some custom widgets, like RoundedImageV
Just another wp-admin fail, you probably need more sleep

Basic To Do reminder app for iOS 8
Just another Repository

A simple blackjack game
A basic config reader in go




MITx course on Computational Thinking and Data Science
Example of RestKit use from ReyWenderlich web site.
For my project
development vagrant box
An HTML game
My first git program
Generic warehouse for my test/trivial code-base
Coffee Script course

A short Python script to create a template LaTeX, Bibtex and Make file for my university work.


The Ambta MVCEngine is an engine that lets developers build Model, View, Control applications in PHP. The engine is compact and only provides the basic rendering. It is scalable, flexible and easy to use.
Test repository for meteor-velocity issue #223 (https://github.com/meteor-velocity/velocity/issues/223)
Example of overloading QDebug

My personal drills and experiments with different programming languages.

The VDBA documentation.
Just some stuff
Example gulp project
Small tweaks in Wordpress as mu-plugins

Running through Angular JS Phonecat Tutorial
just starting
This repository for different datastructure implementation in java.
Simple php page for booking-processes.

first git repor test

RAPID is a set of tools for the alignment, and analysis of genomic regions with small RNA clusters derived from small RNA sequencing data.

The demo app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Application being built to learn git

Android learning project, trying to create example catalog

Uyghur Language Processing Guide for Developers
Tutorial Lazy loading test in PHPUnit using ReflectionClass


Reddit clone in ruby. WIP
This is mu first sample test repository


Simple application implementing longest prefix match for finding corresponding ASN to given IP address.


Basic animation of background images when scrolling vertically down a page
my first repository, study use github

docker repo


A little test mod for minecraft. My first.
Target for 2015

Setup of testing users, access groups etc for Heroku environment

a config file and skin for atom.io
my first github repository


First Git-Hub repository just to know
Puppet config for crobot on arch linux
Super simple client-only cursor pagination for Meteor
These are two badly written Arduino source code files for my own personal use. One will be reading information from a joystick and transmitting that information by radio (eventually, for now it's just over a wire) to another arduino board which will parse
learning go
A first try to a HTML helper for simple tables
Exploratory Data Analysis



java on centos as docker images


Learning C and OpenGL

ruby on rails installation- Two steps for Installation of Rvm + Ruby + Rails + Git + Sublime +MySQL + PostgreSQL on Linux.

a school project
Practice - Blog For Stuff
A collection of algorithms and functions written for PHP
Project management application
Learning to work with Rails engines. An engine made out of the inbox functionality in the MailServer Project.

A collection of algorithms and functions written for PHP

My first repository
this program will fix  Error (0xc000007b) on most games including league of legends 
My Personal Blog for my mumbles, related to Sobialab.com
The Xp Game sources, translated in dutch

fork of http://www.policyd-weight.org 
Examples for the Java Programming Basics course



check how things work in github

Personal website
noInfoPath formview module
This is a demo
My First game, written with Love2D
This is my first GIT repo as I try to get more into version control
My first repository on GitHub
This is a repo to test out project specific web pages through a git repo


Scrivere file di Logs



my first PHP learning APP
Launch Academy rails challenge
A Team Fortress 2 territory control map.

my first repository




It's a repository for me to understand some basic usage for some programming language

A quick start code & guide for using Spring Boot and build a simple REST API from ground up in few minutes
My first repo
A collection of themes for Tumblr
A small program for our stap project.

Via a sensor,you can test how fast your heat beats,then this app can analyse if you are going to be angry.If you are,there will be a worning.

test sample of pluralsight intro to node.js

My dotfiles


the first github project
Assignments for Coursera's Cryptography I course by Dan Boneh
A simple and specific script I wrote that looks at an input text file for Names and Email addresses and builds an output text file using tab delimited columns for Firstname Surname and Email Address fields.




photo's organizer and backup



My C++ snippets
Knowledge sharing. Felix OSGi. Tutorial


Website Repo

2015 Kidozen demo of a vendors CRM application
Simple console aplication in javascript to create youtube song playlist based on csv file with artist and songs
A simple goal tracker for personal goals such as numeric (weight, read book and so on), boolean made it or not and more. Written in node.js / express / twitter bootstrap / UI framwork TBD
Small private tools
An example of 2D polygon based projection mapping. This is an interactive program in which the user creates a series of polygons which are then animated.
Angular Phonecat tutorial on Rupert.

rest_api test
[WIP] ORM built around the unit of work pattern and a bring-your-own-persistence philosophy.
Copy of PHP-SRC updated with a fix for read/write timeouts on openssl extension. Branches exist for the latest stable release of 5.5.20 and 5.6.4   I can add additional branches if requested. NOTE: These changes have been merged into the current 5.5, 5.6,
clone from oreilly jenkins book
mdust from DFCI Gene Indices Software Tools (not my project; original link: ftp://occams.dfci.harvard.edu/pub/bio/tgi/software/seqclean/)
From Unity Learning Day 2014
test
Some animated demos for stats class
A simple catchy layout for your online resume


a simple application which improves the process of learning e.g. words or dates by heart
my useful config and tools
Working directory of  Physics bachelor students of the University of  Amsterdam following an Astronomy-Astrophysics workshop


This project contains some of the algorithms and protocols of the book "Understanding Cryptography", authors Christof Paar and Jan Pelzl. This is also a part from the course Cryptography at the Faculty of Computer Science and Engineering (FCSE) in Skopje,

This is a repo of my engineer's thesis. All rights belong to Lodz University of Technology. 
Just to see how this all works

another test

various config files
This repository contains a java program which read pdf file with tesseract ocr and add the recognized text to the pdf in order to get a searchable pdf file.

dummy repository
Fork of JMDodd's Unified Comment Notifications



TinyXML fork

Whack-A-Mole: simple html/js game
Personal dotfiles
My First Robot Control
Simple & lightweight javascript timer
First repository i create





my vim


A (basic) Polymer based arc layout web-component.

First Repo

Hexo Source for
 Configurations of various applications (e.g. nginx, memcached, W3TC, etc.) on small vps server powering my wordpress site..
Compilation of school programming projects from 2014 onwards
Basic PHP Template For Iron Worker
a simple extendible text-editor that is open-source under the GPL2 licence

Bounce game


personal program reposit.
Simple blog with administration using larvel.

Powershell Unit Test Harness
Git lernen.
Some basic cryptology functions
A small chrome extension to display and keep track of tabs count across all windows.
A small guide to help those looking to hire a developer or designer for iOS work. While tailored for iOS, many questions could be used for Android developers or designers as well. A great self-test if you're looking to keep current or practice for your ow
Scraped data tables

Docker files for my blog on VPS
My OSX and Ubuntu configs for vim, tmux, etc.
Custom Wordpress theme development for flyrbord.com
Weather Forecaster is a simple weather application I am creating following the trick and tips of the Sunchine Udacity application.Enjoy! :)
Test of a static Jekyll based site

Classic Arcade Game Clone
Very simple example to show how you could define a intercepting classloader to get notifications on what classes have been loaded.

Simple PHP function which checks the price of given SMS number.
Various configurations. Some need exposure to the internet for validation
This is for testing purpose

my blog

Little repository to play with Git
Source for my Blockheads Inventory Hack

ios tutorials

Improving our QA process from complicated Google Spreadsheets to a simple app.
Bunch of ruby utility scripts
Sample popup modal

My home page
Learning JPA/REST with Spring
exercise project #1 for iOS7 course
learning-website
Randomly generates a language with grammar rules and a small dictionary of words.
my first project on github




i havent seen these movies but review them anyways
Just another repository
setting vpn and secure mail
An example theme to display Wundersite content


Base php-mysql-json framework for avoiding CMS in small projects
Java port of an old Amiga Basic program I typed in back in the 80's

This is Just a experimental Repository
Personal website for Jack Manser
Scratch space of code meanders
My first steps in programming

puppet open >3.7


Landing page for Ben Brandt's Github Profile
My Vim configuration

Web page for STT 2810
karma clone
Basic API wrapper for Google Analytics.



A small webapp which zips and returns your multiple file.
My personal webpage.


All the mini projects finished during the course "Data Communication And Networks" (Spring 2013)


My first game, made with SDL2, EntityX and C++11
For Practice
With inspiration from the widely used replay analysis tool, Sc2gears comes CSGOgears for detailed CS:GO replay analysis.


This is the code I used to make my avatar. 
Machine Learning Explorations - A list of machine learning resources

Super-Simple jQuery plugin which finds the tallest child in a given container and sets its height on all the other children. 
Projet Android 2014-2015
Source code from Tien Nguyen's tutorial.
Useful functions for C++

just playing around
Private testing repository.
Open Source Model Railway Control system
A repo for testing multiple forks in one jenkins job
FRC 2015 robototes robot code.

Learning C++ by reading books (see list in README).
Just a global instance for Node.js EventEmitter
Notes on SF2: Hyper Fighting to potentially work on cps2


first ruby app
testing out the GitHub pages https://phlorianakos.github.io/hello_world

A console based program that serves as a private journal.
dotfiles
This package is deprecated in favor of https://github.com/astronomerio/meteor-astronomer


DEPRECATED! USE MDCSS INSTEAD! PHP Styleguide.

We will use the issue tracker of this repository to serve as the mailing list
Generates sample projects from a Github repository with some added user configuration

Manage personal projects and breathe life into them by dedicating your time.
Material to be distributed for AMath 574, Winter Quarter 2015 at the University of Washington

Dot files!

Website for the course
A curated list of awesome Deep Learning projects tutorials and communities.
A dumping place for various fonts I decide to tinker with.





Generates sample projects from a Github repository with some added user configuration
All of my dotfiles


Projet de stage 2014-2015 (Node.js)
Notes and testing from Udacity's How to Use Git and GitHub class
Tutorial from - https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-real-time-scheduling-app-using-angularjs-and-firebase
The tools that helps do tedious tasks a lot easier inside our company.


test repository


Node.js server for REST api to control my home automation project
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

Code + Tutorials on computer science related topics. Hobby while in school studying CS, but may be informative to some...
Tutorial Ruby on Rails
personal web site

George Mason Speaker's Page

Tidy datasets created from the Government of Canada's Open Data portal.



My first repository
This is where Micah and pals learn how to program in java in eclipse
No-Frills From-Scratch Software Building for people who just want to make software with what they have available.
A very simple script that adds CR to hunks in a diff, so it can be applied using patch to files with CRLF line terminators 
My personal feedreader for sites that don't provide feeds - V2 for Android 5.0
simple multicore raytracer demo based from raytracing code from scratchpixel
Team 1793 Robot Source Code for 2015 FRC Competition
Nothing much to see here... Experimenting with Atom, node.js 



Just learning for a personal project

Simple todo app made with angular on local storage.
exrabbit usage example
Create a list of Software Engineering topics so that I can divide them among the 4 SE courses that we teach in our Software Development concentration.
A very small and quick jQuery Demo for learning purposes. 
The AI That Learns From You. (Early Development)



exercise from http://codingbat.com/prob/p148972


Repo for Calvin College 2015 Interim course "Learning from Data"
Practice code in java and javascript
Blog

JasmineSugar example project.
A small project in PHP development.

Just another repository
A catalog of the books available in the unofficial library at my university that I started.
Clone of the C++ bank app in C#
Just one small thing that I want to save from hit.bg. 
An experimental fully persistent Map that reifies time in collection access in Scala


Friendly fork of the GeneralUser GS soundfont. (FluidSynth version)
collecting game art for projects
My personal boilerplate for FrontEnd Development


Operating Systems Projects 
Off-season testing was done on one of our spare drivetrains from the 2014 season. New classes to generate polynomials and bezier curves for the robot to follow were created. Testing of the Command Based Template worked out well. We will switch to that for
A simple shell script for managing your forgettinGTD structure. For details see https://github.com/forget-it/forgettinGTD-cli/wiki
A small example of getting erlport to connect Python and Elixir

A simple visualization of the Mandelbrot set
my first reporitory
A Gulp/LESS toolchain for Skeleton: A Dead Simple, Responsive Boilerplate for Mobile-Friendly Development
A repository which hosts the great contents of opensecuritytraining.info - for people who for some reason can not download the content from the original website, and for distribution's sake.
Conversion app by tutorial from Derek Banas
A small, simple and fast log shipper.

AutoHotkey libraries for my projects
A simple utility for managing a pool of resources (e.g. servers) polling against a service and conserving work

Fork of JMDodd's Mark My Favorites for Buddypress
my personal website
Old and new java projects

The material I covered when learning how to web dev. 
Codes Practice
A collection of scripts used for a project.
A collection of sample projects using Spring Boot and Other Goodies 
Basic HTML using PHP test for Heroku
New to this community, I hope to explore the vast world of programming

A template for creating a full stack angularJS project

A simple, ad-free, Material Design inspired flashlight application for Andorid devices.



This is a basic Rails app to test Judge Gem

version 2.0 of my cello subdomain. Now with 100% more Jekyll

A basic Out Of Office system
Quick Reference for Python and JS

Project 2 Front end dev. 
My personal website. Built with node.js, express.js, and bootstrap. Live at kazarin.me
Used to learn IOS programming
A small python app that renders multiple blender files.
A simple example of how one can plot the Lorenz Attractor in Swift on OS X. Not fast and most probably not idiomatic.
My first JavaScript application
testing git 
BYU ECEn 360 Electromagnetics - Winter 2015
Repo for TestFirst.org Excercises
Random applications used for learning purposes
frontend-nanodegree-resume
Tired of just converting between ogrs? Try converting ogres to humans and humans to ogres!
Simple API Wrapper in Erlang based on tutorial: http://vimeo.com/59832641

A simple Javascript file for benchmarking functions against one another
Status checker for some common services.

This project is a demo app for BroadcastReceiver and Notification in Android.

Python Projects
 http://127.0.0.1/iDict/
Azure Websites Deployment Demo
Nothing to see here.... just playing around learning node.js, MySQL and Cloud9 IDE


A simple tunnel game to play in your browser.
BlackJack Game as final project in Intro to Ruby, Lesson 1

New Year Game Jam
Practice Repo for Scala
A simple historical stock price plotter made with matplotlib library in Python. Can be run from command line.
A Simple Configuration File Parser in C++11
FRC Team 4911's code from the 2014 game Aerial Assist - Go to CompetitonRobot/src/org/usfirst/frc4911/CompetitionRobot for .java files



My Little Resume

Simple Safari extension to open subreddits by name

My personal config for the Friendly Interactive Shell
Fresh Prince Project
Tests, schemas, and documentation for the Flow Base Programming Network Protocol
Collection of configuration files git controlled for quick setup and propagation
Test repository
Java coding prepare for tech interview
A list of mantras of technology companies
learning using GitHub.
A simple C# program for Windows, for checking the devices in a local network (currently discontinued)
Connect Four game written with partner during ICS 32 at UC Irvine/Simple Networking in Python
Win App for Conquistadores
first repository on GitHub
Mobile application repository

My first attempt at Rock-paper-scissors with Python

Simple engine for creating plugin-driven applications
This is a simple game I created using JavaScript to test the reaction time of clicking on a shape after it appears on the screen.

A copy of all posts that go on to the site (and drafts).
Boundaries is a small Corona SDK project showing how to calculate min/max visible X & Y values and actual screen dimensions



This is my code when i'm on university. I built it to learning Java.
Django 1.7 Hacker News Clone
This sample shows you how to add a DebugSettings flyout into the SettingsPane when running under DEBUG in order to clear application data (local, roaming, temporary, local cache, local settings and roamign setting).

a simple example app that shows the ember-cli-simple-store addon in action
iOS8 Swift project for class



learn and test how to use git and github
Program for finding palindromes in a specified range in a specified positional numeral system by the radix (from 2 to 36).It was a school homework, done at night Jan 2-3, 2015.
Adding first code snippets

Postgresql vagrant configuration for hot standby, backup and cloning
A fake project that's part of the Git Essential course at Tuts+ Premium
Documentation site and example code for using the TwitterOAuth library.
Learning Ember.js

2015 FRC robot code for team 2412, the Robototes.
Github mirror of MediaWiki extension SemanticForms - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)


 Learning WebGL Lesson 3 converted from vanilla WebGL to use stack.gl.
An example project for running cljs tests through node.

 :school: NMCT BA Project
Project to learn Ruby on Rails 4. (2) Blog Web App. Original code made by @mackenziechild.
A simple code base to teach myself some c++14, sdl2, cmake, and emscripten
Read-only release history for Test-Synopsis-Expectation
Course assigment for computer networks.
A simple and less-data presale system for hacker events and all other live events.
The sunshine app from the Udacity Course "Developing Android Apps" - added the "L" for Android Lollipop and Material Design.


A new codebase for my personal site.
Demonstration of null object pattern for presentation
2015 FIRST Robotics Robot Code. 
Dead Simple Prototyping Framework for Java
Version UTF-8 de fab
A tutor for learning flexbox

emf-tutorial
Translation project and CodeCharge Studio IDE.
A simple iOS app that plays a random sound every time the phone is shaken, made as part of an iOS course I took.

My entry for the UTGDDC GMD 2015
Formal executable specification for the Rip programming language
A basic functionality clone of instagram that I made during an iOS course I took. Uses parse backend and implements user registration, user authentication, and queries. Includes follower system and user feed system implementation. Also has pop-up alerts, 
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A free software educational application for training elementary school students into basic arithmetic operations


My personal template for develop angular webapp
Oxwall plugin, this plugin powers up basic Oxwall video plugin with useful tweaks
Copy of wkhtmltopdf-amd64 binary
Mirror of http://drupal.org/project/wizard_helper provided by hubdrop.
collection of handy scripts often used in DB/A activities
My first foray into C++ programming

A small, lightweight framework to implement RESTful Webservices in Scala.
UpAndRunning is a lightweight Node.js application which monitors all of your websites for availability and offers a simple JSON-API.
Basic structure for building HTML sites using Middleman, HAML/SASS, and HTML5 Boilerplate
Simple Java Swing Program for running your HQL and SQL Queries.
Git clone of DeSmuME hosted on SourceForge. Given that no change has been made there since 2015-03-18 this should be up-to-date, but I can't guarantee it :)
Authentication demo for Android clients
Password module used in the auth-client-demo
Authentication library used in the auth-client-demo
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/remotedroid
 Basic functions for handling mime-types in Erlang, JavaScript, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby, Java
A list of stupid and useless examples using doctrine2
\N
First test project on github :)
NetHack 4 is an open, community-maintained version of the classic roguelike game NetHack.  This is my working repo for contributing to it.  (If you are looking for the official NH4 repository, see nethack4.org.)
Spring Security and Angular JS:: A tutorial on how to use Spring Security with a single page application with various backend architectures, ranging from a simple single server to an API gateway with OAuth2 authentication.
a university course evaluation system written in Python using Django
We are MOVING to a new repo at https://github.com/octothemes/classic-dark
A disorganized list of tips and tricks.
a personal project
Experiments in node.js by writing a simple scraper. 
my vimrc config and vim folder

A set of experimentation scripts for the WISEBED experiment facilities
Creating a geocoding class. Just because.
A Java helper library I developed to help me in my various personal projects.
Just my useful scripts

DEPRECATED: See scireum/sirius
\N

\N
A fork of 'Basecamp theme' comes from redmine's alternative theme. (sigh)
learning to code a drupal module

mirror of git://git.p.engu.in/laurentb/brutha
Put my already done scripts here
A free wunderlist clone

This is my fork, Quark is now at https://github.com/rackerlabs/quark
A small sample application showing two different architectures: multi-layer vs flow-design.
A simple CMS powered by Google Drive (PHP version)
Random text generation using ngram probabilities
Image Picker is a simple jQuery plugin that transforms a select element into a more user friendly graphical interface.
A simple plugin that lets you overwrite who the post author is.
My curriculum vitae
Fork of the Fung Institute up-to-date version of the Fleming disambiguation engine

Collection of useful ruby code snippets
My hacky projecteuler.net solutions
An example of implementation of a Module Pattern of Javascript. Leave some comments or questions.
DEPRECATED Transparency Camp by Sunlight Foundation XXX
Bundle for the Doctrine OXM project (deprecated) - use https://github.com/doctrine/DoctrineOXMBundle
This repository contains the fonts created by me.
Easier test writing for C/C++
Deprecated: look at sharadmv/quizbowl
JavaScript RTF document generator
Testes com CSS3 para simular no browser algo parecido com o app Flipboard
Dummy repo with a redirect to new home for the original project.
Configuration files for tools I use (e.g. vim).
A demo Facebook connect application using the MultiPass library made w/ the Silex micro-framework.
simple and light-weight XMPP Instant Messaging server implementation
A grails (grails.org) based demo agent for the PowerTAC competiton.
HTML and jQuery example of creating an auto save method.
[DEPRECATED] Fun, fast, secure web development on top of Clojure/Ring

Install scripts for kids ruby
damn simple config file parser for python
Copy of @thomasdavis / backbonetutorials / modular-backbone-updated example with Twitter's bootstrap
"QuickRestClient" is Simple RESTful client API for Java.
My dotfiles
a simple jquery tooltip plugin
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
This is a plugin for Question2Answer that provides AntiBot Captcha - simple good-looking, but well-protected plugin against spam robots for your contents.
An example of how to integrate a blog with a Rails 3 site using the native RSS module. 
A simple little plugin to add the 'view' data binding to knockout
MIUI v4 Russian Translation
mirror github / launchpad projects
Puppet module to install realmd in a workstation, and add it to a domain
Small example testing associations in Rails


MOVED TO https://bitbucket.org/acoustid/musicbrainz-acoustid
(Deprecated) ElggCollection API
A small Wordpress Gallery
A couple of simple helper classes to help in writing RESTful PHP Libraries.
Swedish translation for the upcoming 2.2 release of Processwire with multi-language support.
Account Control Panel (fork)
A specification for code documenting tools
Database School Project
create a static HTML copy of a tumblr blog
Example Code for Volume Rendering Tutorial
This example codes show you how to add 'do not backup' attribute to your files and directory.
A simple Ruby script to backup the entirety of a GitHub project to a local folder.

Example code for the General Architecture for Text Engineering (GATE)
Personal development tree for gnome-settings-daemon

PHP wrapper class for simple interaction with SQL-based relation databases (MySQL,SQLite3,PostgreSQL)
Computer Science Testing System written for the University of Winnipeg

My own big js & php adventure!
A simple Ruby DNS server for EventMachine
A small command-line python script that creates a local backup of your Flickr data.  It mirrors images, titles, description, tags, albums and collections.
My .vim
A lightweight, simple to use camera system for your CoronaSDK project.
A simple, extensible validation library for PHP with support for filtering and validating any input array along with generating client side validation code.
A MultiWorld/MultiCurrency economy plugin for Craftbukkit * DEPRECATED. Go in http://github.com/greatman/Craftconomy3 *

Coursera "Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Part 2" programming assignments
my dotfiles
Simple Graphical Java tool to start Rackspace Next Gen / OpenStack Cloud Servers in Shutoff state
My blog articles
Small dropin library to translate utf8-strings into offsets in glyph-table.
coding practice
My own linux config
Using OpenSim and Second Life open source software as crutches while we write sane replacements.
Dotfiles
All the standard dotfiles I use
demo
A simple SQL-based queue for Rhino.ServiceBus
An experiment to standardize individual donor names in campaign finance data using simple graph theory and machine learning.
a repo to practice some php skills
Testing Git commands
Simple Markdown editing with CreateJS
RETIRED - Simple cloud server control - Java version

my own fork version of libnetfilter_queue.
A simple perl module for PoundPay. This is an obsolete implementation.
test for GitHub practice
"Clone" of the RPG Maker XP Tileset Flag Interface
set up of my emacs
A small web site that displays a pomodoro timer.
An ancient MS-DOS app written in Clipper 5.2 to manage competitive swimming events
web page about the author
\N
Simple php site base template.
[DEPRECATED] A simple Android background service that keeps your GPS online for some specified amount of time.

My AWS tools
GUI Samples with JSF, Richfaces, JQuery, CSS3, etc.
ps3 game translation team
My attempt to create a mojo extractor based on the scaladoc tool
Info about me and links to my projects



User settings backup
dot files
Linux dotfiles. 
Add simple configuration to any ruby class or module
A collection of practice exams for Freshman level Computer Science exams at RIT.
This is a `git svn` mirror of the now dead Eternity SVN repository.  For more active development, please see team-eternity/eternity.
A completely barebones theme for Cotonti Siena to provide you something to build on!
Config files for a riced up Arch setup.
This is a code storage of ATF tools learning group.
Personal configuration for my Arch Linux system
Good example of successful text editing
Informations about the use are in the wiki
My emacs configuration
dotfiles
CodeKata - working my way up to black belt on coding and programming
Singapore SVY21 geo-format used in onemap api
jd blog under Jekyll
overleap.js is a small JavaScript library to add blank space at the bottom of a webpage. With overleap.js, your visitors can scroll/page your website in a more native way.
Powershell tool to watch directory changes and autocommit them to local git repository.
to study git  command 
various configuration files that are used day-to-day bettering the throughput
My first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial

Ruby on Rails demo application
Simple backup utility
My first ruby on rails app!
Simple implementation of the memory filesystem for the Java 7 NIO Filesystem API
minimalist theme for Q2A
Easy online photo backup and albums.
Jonathan Rascher's resume
Intro to jQuery presentation
An old-school sample HTML text generator
An experiment w/ PEG.js: a simple language 2 express a strategy 2 shorten a tweet to 140 chars
Faster testing rake task
Personal web site
Github page
My *nix Dot Files
Personal Website
A copy of my bash profile for anyone who cares to take a look
python library to manage small sets of vm
Java: Minecraft - Make minecarts kill touching mobs and damage touching players.
Git managed home directory and file teleportation. "There's no place like /home."
Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
mirror of my personal haskell configuration, managed using vcsh and mr
my music studio config files
Data pattern generator for software testing and analysis

sample
Small collection of code samples to implement functionality in different languages
Html Guide for the "Chaos macht Schule"-Project in DD, Germany
A collection of weird iOS bugs
vim setting & plugins
My experimental fork of GPSEE
University Work
Just a personnal pages space

practice
Gnome 2 themes

Small helper script for importing MySQL databases.



bbsnode is a simple BBS like 2ch based on node.js,Express,Redis
Test git

Some HTML snippets, boilerplate etc. used by me / Valued Standards
a collection of useful ressources to start a new website from
Simple class for time operations
Demo blog de Ruby on rails
Various config files I use

rails installer demo

Simple plugin handler for Ruby (not Rails)
A fork of Test::NoBreakpoints (v0.13)
copy of sources in Test-Driven Javascript Development written by Christian Johansen
Scheme Testing Suite
A collection of sample projects from Yojimbo Corp blog posts
OBSOLETE XS-only bundle for Marpa::HTML

Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo app

A simple java app that gets the most recent exchange rates for TRY from TCMB 
la source du Modulo 1
My First Repo
First project
Setup razor Qt repo for igos nusantara
DEPRECATED - Follow Link for New Project
The first app for Ruby on Rails tutorial
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample application

my dotfiles
Meet Vertexer, a simple 3D grid with which you can place paths in: 3D. Vertexer has vim-like controls and functionality. It also includes a library to generate POV-Ray files.
The Minecraft clone.

The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
A collection of JavaScript libraries
This app is only a shortcut to your basecamp classic account. (Google Chrome Extension)
Automatic installer for my Cygwin configuration
A small scala library for an ElasticSearch sql-like query language
first repository
Vim package, including vim config file and plugins
vim files
a small js-library with shorthands for dom manip and animation
Research project for University
Demo application
First App from railstutorial
c
test plan

Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application

Code used in Lockwood Weinzierl 2011
A small Google Chrome extension that prepends the week number to each calendar row.


To jest testowe repozytorium do nauki GIT
just a simple paperclip use example with rails3
My .janus dir, containing vim config and plugins in addition to janus vim distro
A simple text-based adventure game. A Practice lisp program.
small and simple gearman monitor
A simple notary for everyday cryptographic problems (like deciding who does the dishes).
Demo application - microblog
collection of php Files used (outside of framework) that I can use in teeny-tiny projects
Basic User Api example Really old, don't touch this, it won't work with the current API

My ubuntu config settings that I usually use setting up a new vm or machine
Hyde Powered source to traeblain.com
the source of my website elasticdog.com
Just trying to try importing other files
A collection of Flash Card Decks for use with the Anki SRS system
Written assignments & algorithm implementations for my algorithms course.
Attempt to create a simple online game with node.js
ManageR-plugin (QGIS) fork that includes soRvi-specific GUI goodies
My expreiments with parboiled scala parsing library
This is my VFW git files
My CV/Resume and its LaTeX template
Config files, my way.
my dotfiles
Simple site monitor using hookio hooks
Simple perlin noise implementation (1D)
A fork of http://www.devbridge.com/projects/autocomplete/jquery/. Added a callback function after each ajax call completes.
*deprecated* My MacPorts
Economy plugin for tracking market prices and setting server store prices
Doing Project Euler in F# for my personal growth in the language.
Collection of JavaScript utilities (scientific)
Mini web app to make icalendar files of course schedules at Queen's University.
Ruby on Rails sample, Chapter 3
University project writen in C#

My Dotfiles
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Tutorial code (OSX cocoa) for connecting to Remember The Milk, using Grand Central Dispatch
It's my first node.js project. We will see what it becomes...
Michael Hertl's rails tutorial


Fork of TinyRadius - a Java-based Radius server library
Very simple and minimalist backend for a blog engine
Small web-app for learning languages nice and easy

.vimrc file

Scripts for installing Node.js on different platforms
Tool to publish posts on a Wordpress blog from the command line.
API documentation for spinoff
A simple script to create a simple mailing list from a gmail account
Few config files

Pulling from https://github.com/mapbox/carto/tree/master/build/vim-carto
First Node.js demo app
Projeto de git do custo on-line
My config files in home dir
My blog
Clone of forum.pravda.com.ua
basic c memory allocator
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Enables user friendly and powerful front end testing of web applications with minimum required effort to implement.
Simple game to help you practice your hiragana memorisation
A collection of simple app examples for iOS 4
New sample application from tutorial book
simple logger for python but with new approach for logging per module
Sandbox for playing around with the MINE tool.
Efficient Vim
Testing environment for the OpenJUMP GIS.
school.hh.ru-java-stdlib translation to Python.
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample application
Vim command to open a file anywhere on the system with just a few hints
simple bot that connects to a IRC room and save the transcripts to a txt file

A small commandline program to search the occurrence and cooccurence of words in a given file.
Sources from the tutorial "create an facebook Tab app"
Ruby on Rails tutorial demo application

This is a demo I used in my talk at SenchaCon 2011. It's a Sencha Touch application (for iPhone) that uses PhoneGap to cache data using CoreData.
A big collection of sketches for Away 3D 4
my wsd page
Site covering HTML/Javascript banner to blackout any website.
The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Google Reader clone with pluggable sharing and favorites
My resume in Latex


Iuid a simple uid generator and storage
My dot files.
GitHub clone for Digaboard to apply some small fixes
Programmatically generate documentation for your Puppet Modules
Repository of demos for testing all manner of scenarios

Kodak image sensor component with sensor driver, sensor control and basic image processing
This is a practice repo since I am new to all this
my Sublime Text Settings
A git mirror of ctms-common's canonical subversion repository
Example app for git blog posts
Miscellaneous code test in various languages.
The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
This is the notes I created for learning git from trainings etc
for testing JSON based apiRequest()'s
test with Engine Yard
This is just a simple example that how to implement horizantle Picker view 
DEPRECATED since 5.4.2. Nuxeo Platform High Availability
Simple example of using the Graph API on the server side with Python for Pluralsight 
My dotfiles
A simple jQuery plugin for keyboard scrolling through different sections in a webpage.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application

Ruby on Rails Tutorial demonstration application

School papers

An implementation of the caching assignment from Telus

Simple Git
building a processor as a project for my university's VHDL course
My github landing page, for what it's worth. 
My personal website
Blur content on the page to quickly gauge proximity and alignment
Contains javascript file to be included in your webpage where dynamic element is being created. It has a function which does it all.
A simple web server writing in javascript using the node wrapper for V8 engine 
\N
git repository for FoneMonkey with minor changes for our project
The Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
A Rails Tutorial demo app (using Scaffolding) 
Java stuff
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Powerful and lightweight bootstrap/autoloader class for PHP5.
A place where Gran Turismo players can share settings and events
crazy, but works: it packs irclog, reindxr and ircbot all together
A web browser that has offline features like a Web Camera,  Games,Email and many more.You dont have to be online to navigate the Anansi Browser.
Pyramid plugin for HTTP Basic access authentication
Ruby on Rails tutorial first application
Git mirror of Voce voice interaction library, with my improvements (link goes to upstream)

A general pile of my C code
Xcode My Locations Tutorial
 BXR is an open source, ruby on rails file management system.
my php app framework
ruby 2 on rails 4 sample app
A Completely Javascript framework

An Implementation for a simple educational system using java, intended to contain all major concepts and techniques in the language. This is originally a homework for third year students in Damascus University.


Demo Application for Devise Presentation
demo for isotope_contacts
My first github app
vimrc before/after files for janus

Todo Project Manager, used for my diploma thesis
Source for building an experimental Debian package of the NetCDF Java library

Cron job that runs and automatically launches their live radio stream when the Toronto Maple Leafs game is about to start
Test app RoR Tutorial
Some small examples on how to use buildr.apache.org
Zelda clone
Arduino-based ham radio utility box
Ruby on Rails Tutorial: sample application

general area for new code

Learning to be a web designer?
all my configuration files
A pong clone written in C++ using OpenGL

Code. Creating backup and version controlling it across branches. Pushing to work across machines. 

Learning to code Python the hard way examples. Allowing me to practice from work or home. =)
just a test sample
Tattletale Example App
Main documentation for Participant Scheduling System

Collection of userscripts 
MIUI v4 Ukraine Translation
My own little framework
Sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Basic CRM/Intranet system
This is a tutorial for beginners learning CoffeeScript.
PFC documentation
a simple blog written in django- not yet working at all :)
my custom CMS - framework for development


test
A test ( it means my investigation ) for WebIntents
Backup scripts for Linux using rsync
Simple .NET e-commerce playground repository
Attempt to create simple android application for taking picture of 3d object
My collection of 'dotfiles'
Testing for different HTTP push technologies

Battlegrounds for mozilla.com work (mirror of http://svn.mozilla.org/projects/mozilla.com/)
Documentation for the Grid'5000 API
A simple NER component that uses prefix-tree to build the recognition dictionary.
simple script to generate an ical/ics file of road cyling events in 2012 

My vim config
My ~/.vimrc directory
Capify testing
A simple dispatch server. Allows one server to trigger defined code to run on another.
config files
private stuff for test, temp storage
My VIM dot files
Making markdown text files pretty. This is pretty much a clone of https://github.com/sanand0/markdress so the credit should go to him. I was surprised at how easy it was to implement in node.
My dotfiles
Keeps dot files under version control
my personal runcom files
Ruby on Rials Tutorial Demo Application
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
My personnal .dotfiles and other config stuff.
Personal stuff, scripts and init files


CoffeeScript code for example applications of "Professional XMPP Programming with JavaScript and jQuery"
Backup documents stored on www.e-boks.dk
\N
Simple classes, scripts and functions that I write for Scala
node.js client for st9
personal twit backup website


my dot files
Projects for Mobile Computing
Simple hash table in C
Large file storage with Git
fork of master branch from git://slackbuilds.org/slackbuilds.git (read more on wiki). If you want to fork do it only with master (the other branches are temporary and are always rebased on master). alternative interface http://cgit.ponce.cc/slackbuilds/
A Composer-compatible packages.json file for SimpleSAMLphp along with a stupid simple PHP script that generates the file.
A collection of short programs that demonstrate some basic functionality
Just a simple jQuery plugin to mimic the "Back to Top" feature of WordPress.com. Looking to rewrite with Vanilla JS
Bootstrap (Initializr version) with basic PHP view routing.
Simple Sublime Text 2 / GitX integration plugin
Tmux config
A simple 404 page that uses the URI as input to generate a 404 message.
a collection of text shotcuts for tech industry stock quotes, with a focus on Asia.
set of scripts to install development software on to a vanilla Ubuntu installation
just a simple blog with translations for the django-cms
GitHub pages repo
Mentees will fork this repository and submit pull requests when they need help.
My Vim Settings
Simplistic memory-only sync adapter for Backbone. It's a drop-in replacement for Backbone.Sync() to handle saving to memory.  Use for testing or volatile data that need no persistence.
A very basic Profiler to show mySQL query activity in a PHP application
Unofficial Git mirror of @ianawhois
Github mirror of MediaWiki extension CategorySortHeaders - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)
A collection of config files I'd like to keep in sync
This repo has moved to https://github.com/projectbismark/bismark-packages
My dotfiles et al
A simple dashboard that shows useful information to Lunatech's employees
Bootstrapped WordPress Theme
A small collection of utility classes for Java.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
TurtleBot Documentation for ROS Groovy
Allows content to be submitted using Markdown, a simple plain-text syntax that is transformed into valid HTML. http://drupal.org/project/markdown

My notes and code backup chrome web application

multiple Config files save
Facebook Hiring Test - Ribosome
A small collaboration with users of http://codegolf.stackexchange.com.
Fork of http://code.google.com/p/throttled-smtp-appender/ but with threadsafety bugs fixed
Personal Vim plugin extension
Perl Script - A quick little perl backup wrapper for s3cmd sync

A demo app created in 2008 on the Android 1.x SDK to test/demonstrate the built-in accelerometer in a T-Mobile G1 phone. Detects when the phone is dropped and plays an "ahhhh" scream sound. When free-fall stops, it plays a "phew" sound. Should work on lat
Directory structure and template files for starting a new WordPress theme or child theme.
Front-end Web Development Project 2: Online Resume
openmoko u-boot fork with support for iPAQ h1940 and rx1950
My vim configuration.
\N
Startup theme for WordPress projects

\N
My dot files
A clone of the javaparser project, since that seemed dead. All submitted patches are accepted.


Unofficial mirror of hg.libsdl.org/SDL_mixer. Updated daily.
A simple web-based employee time clock 
created during lesson 3 for hw2 
my bash files

A set of scripts that will rapidly deploy Ubuntu servers / desktops to my personal liking
basicqtskills-Lodifice created by Classroom for GitHub


Google App Engine Buildout Demo

my first repository
Small library to copy images from a remove host to local mashine.
This is my client research.



Small site to check out metalsmith, with continuous deployment on netlify.

This is a required repository for the Launch School curriculum. It is intended to be a repo to store your solutions to chapter exercises to show the TA's during assessments.
Files used in atom video


practicing git of codeschoool
my personal website
Everything that you have saved in your computer now a one place to go. NO More having to download different apps to save different things. This one does it all!!!
A simple app using iframe
Belated attempt to solve Advent of Code 2015
A curated list of questions for developers, engineers and IT professionals to ask while being interviewed.
The Odin Project practice: http://www.theodinproject.com/ruby-programming/data-structures-and-algorithms?ref=lnav
Documentation sur AVR_Atmel (Wiring/arduino)
Personal website.
Bread website
A sample app from "Mastering iOS Frameworks". Demonstrates Core Location, MapKit and GeoFencing.
Tiny project for me to keep track of changes to my website.

Set of resources for Sketch
This is a template for README.md files for projects.
This is a test to check the CD setting in Azure from GitHub
Building a Website with Node.js and Express tutorial
Python Sphinx Read The Docs Theme
This is a repository for my personal website.  

The home site of author S.C. Barrus
CPT375 CakePHP Assignment 2015
A simple demo repository to show the basic git workflow
A gpk.io sample package


My resume

A Project From Things Learned From Chrome Dev Summit 2015
My Predictive Analytics project for General Assembly Data Science course using NaNoWriMo data

A simple chess program.

Most used C++ classes
3D Touch example
This is a easy simple way to start any react projects or playgrounds. Just follow the README.md and enjoy
A PHP implementation of CoinPayments API wrapped up into a simple to use class.



Testing, one, two three
Example NodeJS Web Server from Udemy

An example React application (with test)
A simple interactive text-based assistant to demonstrate common API uses.
Some code to resolve my homeworks of the MongoDB course 

Demo for the <ng2-markdown> component






setup file for Ubuntu system
this is my attempt to redesign the existing homepage for placesbrands dot com and make it responsive



Simple scripts used with a pywikibot_core interface to do simple tasks

I am terrible at puzzles and terrible at code. But together, I am strangely engaged
Cs229 and CS221 project, Stanford, 2015
A blog where I explore installing linux on a 512MB G4 mac mini.
my vimrc file 

my new personal website for 2016

Brick breaker clone written in Javascript. Uses pixi.js and Tink libraries. #breakout #game
Yet another react components pack

Example of multi threading to accomplish a task.  In this case each single thread is responsible for computing one portion of the resulting matrice. 
Simple lock-based leader "election" system daemon written in Go, using DynamoDB
test for flask python etc
Exercises from "The Go Programming Language"
(prime group jq 01) jQuery assignment, building a fruit market. (Worked with John, Sam, and Ashley)
Examples for using JohnnyFive to program GPIO of single board computers.
My first repository on GitHub.
My DBC phase 0 github page site
A translation of Apple's sample code PocketCoreImage into Swift
Dotfiles to be managed by stow.

This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.

framework





First app we built for iOS course on Udemy
A simple chat room application using socket
A simple chrome extension to log the time spent on each webpage.

Personal Anchor-cms theme
random tidbits as i work through perl6intro's syntax & features intro
copy paste to new comps for env on terminal sheel
dingjing website repository
Part of The Odin Project. The "Building Blocks Project" in the "Basic Ruby" section of "Ruby Programming."  


For my E-Commerce Web Development Projects
For practice, I created this subscription-based Ruby on Rails web application utilizing ecommerce and software as a service models.
This is a test repo


Personal Website
Learning Unity
A clone of the popular mobile game Flappy Bird, using libGDX framework.

Multipart resume site


following the git hub demo on udemy
This repository is for created for learning Python. 
Tutorial using system time and real time 3D object manipulation
A personal clone of the HLStats project source code. Use the `1.65` tag for the last stable release.


Version control of my code as I work through Accelerated C++, a book by Koenig and Moo.





This is a repository to store sample packer and vagrant build scrpts
A simple demo repository

Basic app to show and launch the apps I will create as part of my Udacity Nanodegree.
Example Rails app for socket_helpers gem. Running at http://socket_helpers_example.herokuapp.com
Be Colorful GitHub Pages

Clone of Ahmia search engine


for python machine learning code

Documentation repo for Zhibaihe packages.
Implementation of a basic Java Chat using Java IO.

A script made up of the work of several different minds used to read a .csv file to SSH into Cisco IOS devices and tftp their configs to a remote server. Requires PyCrypto, Paramiko, and Python 3. With some small modifications can be used to fully automat
Just a demo on how to use Spring Boot to reverse engineer a MYSQL database
A collection of widgets and gadgets for helping with Thaumcraft 4
Rails Project
repo for my course
This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.

Sample crud operations in rails
A terminal session with the host running SPJS. As of version 1.87 of SPJS you can send/receive basic terminal commands to host operating system. This widget is a front-end UI for the terminal from ChiliPeppr.
My own personal landing page


My first attempt at React Native. A simple guessing game using the Etsy API.
First time working in github
profile and dot files for linux
A fork of https://github.com/agoldst/tex adding support for the modern beamer theme (https://github.com/matze/mtheme)
Setup with Express and React in ES6 with webpack and nodemon with basic Login and Database
Developer documentation for Integratingfactor.com
A simple nodejs REST service to expose realtime space weather data.


the project is to learn basic skills  with Udacity

Google Homepage Clone


Java Projects
practice code everyday
How to create custom replication agents in AEM using Akamai as an example.
Demo App made for National Bank of Egypt (NBE) to reserve a ticket before going to it's branch



repo that contains C projects that I've worked on
Dummy Project for Testing Purpose
Simple follow-along repo for a udacity.com course on git
A translation of Apple's sample code HeadsUpUI into Swift
basic AngularJS seed app for use with AT&T Drive UI Kit
A small project to rewrite a series of exercises written in Arduino C to ansi C for the AVR
Dota2 cfg config
Just some random work done by me

Udacity Machine Learning NanoDegree Projects




A simple podcast system made with Rails.

Demo app rendering react on the server

Script Files
First Repository
For proposed Node.js Testing Working Group. Hopefully can be moved to nodejs org before too long...
Packages I use for slackware 14.1 x86_64

Normal the rasppi setting and config 




learning Python

https://github.com/celluloid/celluloid
this is a git test repository


Very basic encryption program written in java.
small operating
Sample repo for workshop purpose
SWIFT Repository
My portfolio page v2
Very simple C# 6.0 console application to merge all MP3 files within a directory into a MP3 file with the same name.
Example of web server node.js
Welcome repo for ReviewNinja to help you get started. Feel free to delete when you're done, we won't take it personally.


Small useful scripts to not lose them
gt's repository for student-made tests and course notes
Some documentation for modding Duck Game.
A fairy generic SOAP Service and Client with a handlers used for the authentication process (on both sides). Avoid using a database to keep it simple.

First github repository


Will run all test files (minitest) in a test folder if run from directory root
Solving Advent of Code 2015 in Ruby
pyalgo contains a collection of useful algorithms written in python.

Source folder
Programs and Related Files
System Security Exercises

iOs9 Swift 2 - Learning 
My dotfiles
Just generate the organization's logo in SVG format
repo containing my test about web tech
A basic site layout with the Susy engine
Just another repository
Ansible playbook for setting up a Linux dev machine for web development
Make new repos through git!
this repository is a java solution for projecteuler.net problems
Simple voting app created as part of FreeCodeCamp course.

A responsive resume

learn git

test git
tutorial
Dockerfile to create a light sabnzbd image
Basic Numeric Operations and Functions for Swift (Based on Accelerate Framework)


my first repository on github

Nyaa personal site.
Simple SPA example with Rails+Redux+React+Router+Webpack

this is a template generator that can manage inheritance of necessary redundancy in your code/document/anyotherText
My portfolio I created for Treehouse's web design track.
what is new in Bootstrap $



prjects of our labs in Buaa University
My first repository on GitHub
Just Uporoted Production

The solution for an assignment in course - "Timekla tehnologijas 2"




CB-Geo C++ Programming Guidelines
Codes for my tests about Kaggle "Digit Recognizer" https://www.kaggle.com/c/digit-recognizer


web site project repository





C# Style Guide



learn git

list of project to do.


Plot wireless sensor's weather data using RTL-433 and plot.ly
SkyWarp in PE server


Some things about learning Chrome Extensions.


Projects webspace

zhe's blog
Sample Django project using Visual Studio 2015 and Google App Engine SDK





No real purpose, just for fun
Python scripts from the 'Raspberry Pi Cookbook for Python Programmers' Tim Cox (2014)
Simple Android application, where you can capture a photo and then it displays in ImageView.

Early projects for Storytime Interactive.


Firmware for a Midi Keyboard I built using my 3D Printer and a Teensy 3.2


Planning save all my IoT samples here.



Remote repo to help me test out my Github skills
Sample 4
A Sample of GitHub used for storing Student work
A package with Frederik Hjorth's personal R code 

A blog-building tutorial from "The Complete Ruby on Rails Developer Course Udemy"
A slightly more advanced hello world on kubernetes. The goal is to show how you can set up a eventstore cluster with kubernetes.
This is a new seas project app created during Ruby on Rails course
A small utility for adjusting the resolution and framerate in AKIBA'S TRIP.
My first repository on Github.

A simple Resume Template

Php is a web programming language diversity and never expires we are currently planning a new onlineStore source and completely free
Compare R Vs Python via a simple data analysis
My personal vim setup

Google clound messaging with Chrome - Notification demo
Complete source for http://www.raywenderlich.com/74106/mvvm-tutorial-with-reactivecocoa-part-1

React Sample Apps

Test for issue https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-config/issues/314.
Detecting communities in Facebook ego-networks - Project for the "Statistical Analysis of Network Data" course by Eric Kolaczyk at ENSAE ParisTech (visiting professor from Boston University)
Trying to learn some basic Python


A small utility to add battery status and git status in zsh prompt
My Resume

A simple event system for Minecraft Client
A simple initial cookbook for testing chef functionalities

My current vim config
Several mini-projects for the Machine Learning course at ENSAE ParisTech


C programming

some algorithms for solving math problems in https://projecteuler.net/
first commit
this is first meteor applications .It is a simple To do App
A simple Java program that calculates Pi using the Monte Carlo method

Basic algorithms written in C#.

my bookmarklets
i am learning python


This is clone of the Tinder app with basic functionality, using Parse and Facebook SDK.


Rails application - practice: adding pages, routes, and bootstrap.
Simple guide explaining how to generate a h.248/megaco parser

A small PHP program to send SMS messages to a GOIP GSM Gateway using a simple restful API
An example of counting change code in Scala.
My code for Algorithmic Thinking course, Rice University @ Coursera
My practice  
for my practice



A simple node app to start a web server to serve HTTP files

Making the Demo from Video "Mastering Git" PACKT
Learning github

Repo for The Meteor Chef - Building a User Admin Tutorial

Simple rest client python class



My profile website.
WIP: sample implement on elixir
My dotfiles
Udemy React Tutorial



Simple app (15KB) to launch Storage Settings directly from the apps drawer
First repository on github

my first github repository
This is a small class that allows you to decode the Google Polyline Format.
A sudoku solver (just for fun)


All of the projects I've done in previous courses
Sample for Jenkins Workflow plug-in and Docker


Practice simple JavaSciprt

A hello world example for pygame. The game displays a box that can be moved around with arrow keys.
Java project template



Repository for a project implementing the SIP stack for online communications. Being the 3rd laboratory project for course M7021E at the Lulea University of Technology, Sweden
A simple clock plugin for Overwolf
Test repo for hook development 
http://exampleweba.azurewebsites.net
A set of scripts that I maintain and use on my systems.  You mgiht find them useful too.

My first repository on GitHub.
placement task for android dev course 
test

Sample usage of recyclerview http://coderscafe.net/how-to-use-recyclerview/

Set-top-box Data

Test


For Udacity "How to Use Git and GitHub" class

Test app
Experimental very basic reactive streams implementation for JavaScript

first repository
Day 2 of Variety Megajam
This is my git hub demo
steam backup covers
An angular app clone from angular-seed.
OxyRouter is a simple javascript plugin for making front-end routing easy as pie.
Une demo de git
testing VNC
.gitignore file for Drupal8

Test repo
tutorial rep

vm,Cloud,storage
Playing with test programming questions that Amazon asked my brother in an interview.
PHP project 
This is my first time to use GitHub,so I creat a test repository

Scripts and source-code examples for different tools to work with Unity Engine games

origin backup covers
A simple ecommerce website created with PHP and Python. Currently under Development
My First Game - A work in progress.
my-vim setting
working my way through learn c the hard way

A demo page of social-media profile

Treehouse tech degree Project 2
this is firs repository for learning purpose
School
Just a small unity project with no real purpose but testing stuff
Repository revelation!!
Google App Engine and Spring MVC example project
tutorial


The first main part of my diploma thesis which must be delivered to finish the course Semestral project







My theme for Piwigo.



My first java script ive made ;)

Repository to test remote branch deletion.
Just another repository


Private school project/assignment



Will be a clone of the original Boulder Dash game


An instant messaging app created in Meteor for a Coursera course.
Simple chat application referenced from official web site

Examples of redux usage and patterns from the egghead.io course 

chunks of code from my Data Science Projects...
This is the demo of isomorphic webapp using React + NodeJS
Band(e.g. a cappella)'s practice feedback system
Example Scala programs demonstrating the use of different monads to query and work with the github api.
Playground repo for iOS Stanford course
rails blogger app based on tutorial at tutorials.jumpstartlab.com
My Blogging app made in React.js 
Simple client for the action camera


pimp my vim

my C++ library
A simple webpage about me

This is the test website for my blog
Learning git

View of a dynamic number of HTML elements
One Month Rails
Personal Site
Android app made for course DAVE3600 @ HiOA (2015)


Example apps
Simple vanilla JS script to simulate text typewriting effect.





This is a hello world project. just for fun.
gci task: https://codein.withgoogle.com/dashboard/task-instances/6501030917308416/?sp-page=1

Just testing
Stockmarket demo app build with ionic framework and firebase
This repo contains the information for a new fresher training

Fork of the espruino MQTT module
Our first repository
Irish School transitions as Sankey Diagrams
Short example of attempt to animate a hive plot that I haven't been able to make work.
Files for the REACH High Spring 2016 course: Intro to Web Design Using Bootstrap
A sample repo for use in creating new storage modules for Botkit


> Examples for the Practical Node.js book [Apress, 2014]
Dockerfile for latest openui5 version

An example of using emacs org mode (babel/tangle) to set up a docker shell session and generate/run an image.

Repository for JHU Coursera Practical Machine Learning
resume repository
Browse a collection of 200 years of Red Riding Hood
For testing only
Because origin Hacker News website is so ugly, so I gonna spend my weekends build another web client using React + Redux + Webpack + Material UI just for fun.
Scotch.io bears tutorial
Android app for practice
dotfiles
Mark Down sources of my personal site deploted on 
Test 1, 2, 3
jonathan's github pages
simple form validator based on javascript validation API

A sample project to learn angular js

Golang forms library. It's meant to be for personal use, but if you like it you can use it.

Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Stanford University @ Coursera
A dumping ground for old projects I wrote for my undergrad at The University of Pittsburgh. Nostalgia, youth, poor variable naming. It's all here.


my first test app
My website generated html deployed on 
The Project To Hide a Server. 
my dotfiles
My JWM config setup (Installs some Xfce components)
first repository
Typicode Fetcher. A tiny project for FOSSASIA/Google Code-In 2015.
A tiny project with me trying to create a procedurally generated map in Unity.
Git and GitHub tutorial repository from Udacity
App to store information on new acquaintances so that you don't forget their names
Programs created during first year at University of Maryland
simple json serializer and deserializer framework, written in java
Swift 2 implementation of the Stanford iOS course's graphing calculator assignment



Simple dynamic Node.js application built using Treehouse course

Simple "Hello, World" app with Angular 2 beta
First Repository
Exile.Altis Server noch am bauen


Machine learning library and projects in matlab

Sample AS/Intellij Android project using retrolambda and Lightweight-Stream-API
A PHP sample showing how to extract viewables from the Autodesk OSS storage to your local machine
Practice programming projects for my sister
My first Pokedex had a lot of merge issues so I created a new repository to work with
madeof.info blog

Most popular interview's questions for .Net Web Developer position
Docker image for compiling Java webapps and deploying to installed Tomcat
first tutorial
Irwin Brady's Text, as of the end of 2015.

Concepts learned and projects that were made using AngularJS
A simple busy indicator which can be trigger from any child or navigated page in react native application
UHC documentation (split off from UHC repo)
My backup of configs in $HOME
Code written when reading https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/
My actual blog
First android app (Button, basic stopwatch)
Small project as exercise for school



The source code for my Android app, Wave Runner
test of ThreeJS + Webpack + HMR
This is a magento module example using modman
Parses simple HTMLFile systems that use tables to organize files
KGViewSeparators is a small helper library that helps to quickly insert separators into a view. No subclassing required!
Website for the course


My custom dotfiles, using ZSH


All of my android work. Includes Toast exercise, SQLite exercise, 
a basic hybrid cordova app

just a project
A simple Java software module for processing package dependencies.



Documentation (Python tutorial and how to use Reeborg) in multiple languages

Android app to display the contents of your Google Calendar on a Simple Nook eReader (although it should also work on other Android based eReaders).
The assignments from Stanford Natural Language Processing Course on Coursera, started Jan 2016, Finished Jan 2016

Implementations of the most well known algorithms applied in Machine Learning in Octave/MATLAB. 
My dot emacs
Apache Docker image with SSL turned on and a configurable ServerName.
Hadoop tasks repository for Parallel and Distributed Computing course at MIPT 2015
List of Opinion Words (positive/negative) in Bahasa Indonesia for Sentiment Analysis.

Using LocomotiveCMS for ocgbl site
Its my first repository.
style guide for New England VegFest
My dotfiles

This is an example site for the intro to Front-end Web Development Course at Flatiron School.
Smarty Basic
Simple React app for GitHub search API

A set of 'HelloWorld' demos using various GWT and SmartGWT architectures including HTTP and DMI
Proof of concept - Move a simple shape around using keyboard controls

A POC Project to demonstrate Android Linear Layout
See YouTube: https://github.com/michaelbiafore/RemoteExample.git
My approach on Project Euler challenges using Go

i am using this repo to test atom editor behaviour
A small app built with flask for the final project of ud330 Full Stack Foundations class for udacity. 

testing
This is the first app we built in the iOS course
The newspapers published by the San Andreas News Agency on the SAES MTA Roleplaying server in Summer 2012.
the second repository
Simple java server websocket and client websocket
Collection of homework assignments, papers and source code created while earning BS at the Evergreen State College
A multi channel log emitter(a clone of my php snitchin) written in GO
My Java repository
Small Megaman X game made in Phaser.js

develop react-redux to learning any more
Setting up a new Mac
Assignment from freecodecamp.org, to create a small api microservice that parses the requesting browser's header and returns os, ip address, and language. http://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/basejump-request-header-parser-microservice
Small script that allows you to download movies from the ZDF mediathek
Few react components to compare github stars evolution of popular github repositories
A simple annotation based java dispatcher

Udacity Course Work

This is the base repo for the Spring 2016 offering of "Data Science" at Olin College.
Setting up sprites and platform controls in easeljs
LEARNING HTML
Mode Emotions Mturk Study 2 (code & csv)
Example web server from node.js developer course

Osvaldo Malvizzati Painter - Personal Website
linux dotfiles managed via gnu stow


Main Repo for All Platforms

Personal Blog of a Tech Lover
My dotfiles for Unix systems
A simple example of an app created using Ransack and Rex.
A list of papers I read in 2016
I created a java Selenium Maven project to practice testing techniques for myself using JUnit to check if the automated test pass or fail
I'm experimenting react native. This project is work in progress...


Just a repo for me donking around with hapi/react
Test program 
A simple i18n translation and localization library for React+Fluxible applications.
Math quiz with an angry, offensive tutor. Written in Ruby.



Helpers created by skyjaz software
This is a list of tech coops that are either forming or looking for new members.

Intro and Next Steps in Foundation

Backup copies for various projects i  fiddle with.
Resources for the Sonic Interaction Design Course HS 2015
My personal Docker containers I use for development.

Very basic implementation of personal site built with Django
Short course about web developement
My implementations of the apps from Udemy's course "Build Apps with React Native"
my first Repository on Github
Starting learn Java program language - 2016

This is a first attempt at building an Android application.  Very simple, more or less a "hello world"

Parses simple HTMLFile systems that use tables to organize files
This repository contains the Python code for machine learning algorithms. (With and Without SCIKIT)
Small arcade-style space shooter using C++ and SFML


An example to show how to develop tomcat-based WebSocket application on Heroku
Coursera - Functional Programming Principles in Scala
Simple script to notify via mail if your public ip has changed

Turorial for a basic Mongo Express Node app with one model

:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component
I have created a demo interview app using Meteorjs and Kurento. Sample 5 interview questions are there. Once the user clicks on start button, he /she can see see a question which has  to answered within 3 minutes or else it will disappear. Kurento media s


Attempting to create a github based blog for all of my coding meanderings
Project for Data Structures course

OS X Config files
Small console application that represents taxistation manager. Made by begginer in C#.
Collapsing Toolbar Example with Recycler View
An example of a blog written in Ruby on Rails
A test run to practice Rails with nested routes

:wrench: My usual Jekyll set up
practice with git and github
A template vector library sample in C++ to use vectors
Basic libevdev binding for node.js
The repo for my work in Responsive Web Design Fundamentals. 
Small educational scripts to teach programming, some math, possibly some physics.

My personal website
First Repository
compiler I wrote for University class
Simple wack-a-mole style game
A personal guide on how to get started making games by Jonathan Topf
Template for testing pgxntool with pgxntool-test
Template repository for building Ansible roles off of, including good unit testing and documentation.
This is the project0 of http://cdn.cs75.net/2012/summer/projects/0/

Docker Python CI Environment
new
My favorite python scripts



Simple API for both iOS 7 upwarps, wrapping UIAlertView and UIAlertController
Rails group project

Code for Django Girls website tutorial

Sample repository for Git Tutorials
A learning resource for front-end development
A translation of Apple's sample code Using UIImagePickerController to Select Pictures and Take Photos into Swift
Practice Project
A simple blog/website practice project powered by Node and the Express framework.

Docker image for raspberry pi - pigpio service
The Odin Project - google-homepage

repo for thesis material
Simple tool for setting up reminders. Works in the background, allows to create/modify/delete reminders and their reoccurences. Application created in VS 2015.  Feel free to contribute.
Sublime Text plugin for simple and easy SASS / SCSS compilation.
Using HTML and JS Create the Standard Animation Practice of Making a Ball Bounce

Mi first application created using Ruby on Rails.

A basic project with chai mocha testing

Testing Azure IoT Suite
A demo
A new Test
Personal Website 
Some annoying code

My First jquery lab

Project created using Intellij
Repository for an Simple Test PHP Application
test! site phototime



Xmas Homework - 3 Course Cookbook
A collection of links of my preferred web tooling.
Initial set up playbook for CentOS 7
Collection of Exercises & Projects from Eloquent Javascript online book
A simple Minecraft Server Manager status update checker via HTTP.
First rep for educational use




Medium clone built with Ruby on Rails
This is my Learn.ModernDeveloper repository, as I traverse Career Path 3!
Just some basic server shiet to mess around with
A simple space invaders game written in es6

This repo is part of Coursera's Machine Learning Course.
Inheritance, Access modifiers in inheritance, super keyword, class hierarchy in Java
My vim config
Cyclone V GX FPGA demo


A look at how to build a simple order book using C++,with testing being done using Google Test
Personal Website

A simple example shows a way to validate user inputs in a form.
Codepath Assignment:  build a simple todo application
This is my Learn.ModernDeveloper repository, as I traverse Career Path 3!
Debian debhelpers fork
A simple Rails Blog developed using Behavior Driven Development
This is the first app built in the iOS course
A Jenkins docker image with a docker client installed inside.

Simple way to create ebooks from a set of markdown files.

Just learn it
Mirror copy of the Debian packaging of python-q
Plug-n-play Simple Tagging Library for Python
Fork of https://code.google.com/p/io-2012-slides/

This is the first app we built in the iOS course
This is the first app we built in the iOS course
Demonstration of how the .Net geometry-api-cs computational geometry library can be used as a RabbitMQ worker
Resume for David R Prothero in Bootstrap and Angular.js
personal site and blog
Small, quick chat server as an Erlang exercise
GitHub clone of SVN repo http://trac-hacks.org/svn/sumstatsplugin (cloned by http://svn2github.com/)
Sphinx documentation for the Tinkerforge system



App designed for covering basic information of auto layout and how it has to do with constraints in Xcode.



Super simple (static) web service to grab VAT rates for all EU Member States, in preparation of the new 2015 VAT regulation.
A curated list of awesome Assembler

A Red Black Tree Implementation in Java

a free and open-source calculus textbook
A simple Chef report handler using ruby_gntp to send growl notifications
To track development I do for the Windows platform
Example script - how to use the ESP8266 as IoT device

BBCWST FLW training course - mobile call flow


fast.js is a simple, tested, ready-to-used javascript algorithm library for any node.js and browser.
A collection of small C programs

Personal utilities for building PyPhi networks that need to be large and/or malleable. 



AppleScripts I find useful for working with OSX


 My solutions, written in Python, to the problems posted on Project Euler -- a series of math problems which can only be solved using a computer.

My Emacs config
A very small Mac OS X application testing the CPU for 64 bits capabilities.
fork of gojsonpointer with support for structs
Pedantically set music filename, metadata and volume normalisation
fork of git://libvirt.org/libvirt
My personal vim files.
This repository has been deprecated, please use one of the separate ANDS application-specific software repositories listed at: http://github.com/au-research/

Official repo is in bitbucket: https://bitbucket.org/sillsdev/l10nsharp
class

A rock paper scissors implementation

Just a bit of code I would like to share. For example my server side Google Analytics tracker written in PHP.
My dotfiles

Personal site
A demo twilio node app, using just the low-level HTTP APIs
my dot files

My vim dotfiles, ellipsis.sh compatible.
jQuery plugin for creating a gallery of zoomable images from an anchor list.

My fork of OpenWRT 12.09 Attitude Adjustment branch
Documentation about the Grml Server
Simple PHP API to use Wunderground service
Sandbox - testing organization
Mirror of git://git.sv.gnu.org/inetutils.git
scripts and dotfiles
My custom devel config files, dot files and helpers needed to only have to install it on a new machine and start geeking
Simple documentation generation for Brat
Jayson is a simple but featureful JSON-RPC 2.0/1.0 client and server for node.js
everzet (life|work) dotfiles
My resume

This is very simple code that can be used to demonstrate the caveats and design issues associated with building real-time chat server that uses socket.io.
Placeholder description: @fredex42 created this with repo-genesis
Soluciones para problemas en http://coj.uci.cu
this is just a mirror of https://bitbucket.org/hasufell/hasufell-overlay

My blog
various pieces of code used by many of my projects
My personal vim configuration
the docker swarm running overviewer.org
The images used in the InfinitasDocs plugin for examples etc.
A simple tetris-like game in Haskell
Programa simple de redes neuronales para java
Resume in LaTeX.
(inactive and unmaintained) A set of loosely coupled machine learning, data-mining and bioinformatics applications in a broad range of functional languages.
a collection of graphical effects used in the demoscene
My personal fork of the SHRINE project located at: http://catalyst.harvard.edu/services/shrine/
my config
svn clone http://dangerous-prototypes-open-hardware.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Bus_Pirate
Pointers to useful, well-written, and otherwise beautiful documentation.
fork of buildout.eggnet
My vim files
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
metaflop bespoke font (metafont files)
Testium is a very Flexible and Plugin-able Test Automation Engine written in java. It is Open Source and fully supports the XML-based file formats of the Standardized Test Tool Interfaces as described in http://www.testtoolinterfaces.org/. Other file form
http://cse1211.artifice.cc
SiteSwap, a simple asynchronous test framework based on lunit.
Janrain Capture Demo
New site design
Obsolete, see https://github.com/atykhonov/google-translate

Employee kata from TDD talk at CodeMash (my implementation of it)

Sublime Text 2 user settings

Finnish translation for Symphony CMS
LaTex version of resume
hold my dotfiles here
jQuery Mobile Tutorial
A dark color scheme for Vim.
A cross-platform clone of the popular Lazy Newb Pack for Dwarf Fortress.

Various configuration files
dotfiles such as .vimrc and .rvmrc


Fork of warsync
Deprecated, see https://github.com/Stonelinks/stonelinks.github.io
Split from cookbooks-heavywater; DO NOT USE as is (will be replaced with proper fork or retired)
A simple example presentation made in showboat
Personal package repository for Arch Linux
git - the simple guide
A small tool to find gaps in TDB
Collection of my dotfiles for easy access

The home of my personal website, hosted with Jekyll on GitHub Pages.
This is a simple, easy to use Twitter API Package for FuelPHP Framework
SQL Map is a (very) simple SQL mapper. Most suitable for daemon development or Android stuff.

A simple websocket client for send and receive data from a Node Server.

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Vim dotfiles for pathogen and other configurations
This is a fork of the open source agent simulation platform "Gestalt".
My VIM setup
Simple, interactive family portrait app
Very basic template for new rails projects
Attempt at an OpenSCAD model of an Aurora-class Star Fury
tvtorrentrss fork to remove all unused and unnecesary code
Copy of the last free wurfl.xml data file
Used to download correct code for compiling
  This project has been deprecated.
Python script that scrapes list of all camera models from Flickr.com

My vim config
Personal git mirror of the tmux repository
Temporary copy of https://code.google.com/p/bastmush/ , nothing to see here, go over there.
monkeypatched fork of comptypes to support faster WMI access

This is a copy of the JNLua repository over on http://code.google.com/p/jnlua/

test fork from svn googlecode to git
A simple space fighter game
This is a practice Ruby project using cucumber for web-site testing
Solutions to short programming challenges from http://reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer
Helper-app for beekeepers.

Default Web
Source for ChadWallaceHart.com

A simple application to display qr codes of bitcoin privatekeys
This repository is for tracking exploratory code I write as I study Allen B. Downey's "How to think like a computer scientist", C++ version.
A personal blog
Just a Repo used to test code and learn github
The up & coming version of victorlourng.com - COMING SOON!

Examples and libraries for the Open System and the smARtBUS Open I/O

A repo to hold the HSBNE Tumblr blog theme.

helpers used in integration and unit tests of apis endpoints


A minimalistic theme for Sublime Text that comes in 2 flavours.
Mirror of  vim-scripts /c.vim version 6.1
vim rc files and configurations
Simple tool to download videos from edX-based sites
Thu dua source code len phat nao
my resume
A wrapper around the basic pattern I generally use for compojure projects
record the thing I should record
My first repo

Dr Cyan is a simple Choose Your Own Adventure engine based on Markdown files.
dotfiles
Repo for running basic Data Mining scripts
Collected resources about Facebook's React
This is an initial step to practice Python and Git 


A simple, yet beautiful, code highlighter for WordPress.

Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo app
Docker config for a ghost setup. Extra: nginx vhost config template with performance optimizations



First website that's not personal. Incorporates LESS
Setup android dev env for mac os x
python nanomsg rpc
Synchronized code relies on a simple kind of reentrant lock. This kind of lock is easy to use, but has many limitations.
A collection of post install scripts for configuring security, development environments, and servers on debian. Just here to make things easier. Free Software Only.
Simple readers-writer lock in Ruby
NLP over post-game sportsperson interviews. How do they differ by gender, time of year, sport, country in terms of emotions (ego, pride, happiness, testosteroniness)
Personal Practice at AI using a checkers game

This is an open source project of using Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) in milton
College ML course exercises.


Modern, clean, and customizable Question2Answer theme
a personal URL shortener for Chrome
The most basic anonymous online game. My first side project with AJAX tech.
A simple jQuery plugin for date selection.
Vision - sample app for Advanced Express Web Application Development by Andrew Keig
A docker image which my sites are based on.
watch all water information

Device config for Xperia L

Study the MEF and introduce the Team if it's worth to dig deep and study the source code of MEF

The day I saw you and we met each other




Repo for team "Excessive Use of -Force" for the 2014 Winter Scripting Games.
Was using pixi, switched to phaser.js. Just trying a small game.
java practice projects
learning bootsrap

simple distributed twitter analog

This repo has all my (Java) projects related to graphs

Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample App
collaborative repository to practice coding.



Precompile your static Middleman site when you push to Heroku
This will be my autorec plugin stuff...

Simple CoreMotion CMMotionActivity test app. Requires device with M7 motion co-processor.
work of lee


This learning encounter details the process for creating learning encounters using Reveal.js, Git, and GitHub.

a template for a node.js project with grunt, coffeescript, less, jade
Template project for testing out Javascript vNext (ECMAScript 6 aka "Harmony") via the Google Traceur Compiler with a simple Express service.
Launch Academy practice app


my dot emacs
Just Testing
New SQYBI.com with Django. Notice that the RoR version is deprecated!

All my spoj work
Simon says game clone
Simple tools for building card games in python.
An Example code with custom bundle, REST,OAuth,API Documenation,FOSUser
Practice with the full stack, writing acceptance tests, shedding scaffolding

A generic admin theme built with Bootstrap 3 free for both personal and commercial use. 

Simple to use DB handler for PHP
my blog site
Mirror of vim-latex from Sourceforge
The demo app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial

Simple Upstart template
A fork of the WordPress TwentyThirteen Theme

Just a little test-repository. The files in this repo are not meant to be used in any way (and mostly don't work).
Sublime Text config files

Project 1 for Stanford University Objective-C course
Small macros, scripts, etc to make life easier
The Flask framework step by step tutorial codes.
.vim 

Fizz Buzz PHP
A directory of ruby conferences and their CFP

Simple carousel without any complicated stuff around it

Small tests and examples of AMQP usage with Heroku





A dropbox for small commandline tools and scripts I build. Many for media management like image resizing or server admin, but otherwise a random grab-bag of unrelated stuff. Linux + OSX shortcuts. In git so I can find them again next year.
j2ee work 5/6/7

My test of java web app



Boilerplate template for grunt based projects
Documentation and examples for an introductory workshop about Boost
Simple "Hello world" application using PIMF micro framework


Blog
Practice App


C++ Templates - The Complete Guide
Example showing use of shoe, dnode and browserify to render cross-browser web page
fork from http://sourceforge.net/projects/opascalscript/

My personal page
Documentation for the Statamic CMS in Dash Docset format 

Ubuntu Server Guide
Small JS Library to queue CSS3 Animations
Documentation for the Internet Archive S3 API

just for fun - counts how many seconds/minutes/hours/days have been elapsed since last new years eve :)
Simple example of a Java ClassLoader that forcibly reloads from disk each class instance
a collection of effects all build with TweenLite or TweenMax.
A basic mapper to read/write POJO instances to a very compressed binary file format.  While working on another project, I originally was going to use Jackson to read/write POJO to JSON/XMl, but after looking at the overhead of saving large byte arrays I c
My scripts
scm-manager preinstalled into docker using the ubuntu base
My dotfiles (zsh, tmux, vim, git)
A clean way to setup a quick demo using HTML5 and jQuery.

My personal github page

Simple GeoPal python client
Ruby on rails tutorial - first app
My personal configuration files
Implementation example of Spring-Hateoas (client wich consume and expose RESTful HATEOAS Service)Source from my article : http://bewilcox.blogspot.fr/2013/12/generer-lexposition-de-vos-entites-jpa.html
A demo application for illustrating the use of Broadcast Receiver and Monitoring Battery Status.
LightStor Standard Documentation

Lego Mindstorms EV3 hacking, documentation + list of projects.

SharePoint 2007/2010/2013 PowerShellscript to copy user permissions on all specified sites/subsites
GitHub Repo for MercuryOS
Coursework for CS 590 - Computational Microeconomics. Taught by Vince Conitzer, Duke University, Spring 2014. 

get off !! this is my personal project
template for wolfe projects 
Sample api client for Diffbot.com. This is just sample with one api call to article api of diffbot.Shared just for demo.
A clone of casper, the default theme in ghost
these are small scripts that I have written to perform certain scientific computing tasks, namely for a course I have taken on quantitative economics
Projects List
jQuery to add active css style once you scroll to specified anchor.
dot files
wiki test repo
for my working repository.
A test of github pages, with a bit of jekyll, listing some code related stuff I have done



Notes and example implementations of design patterns in JavaScript

A basic web page that uses a carousel using the bootstrap framework
Some exercises taken from http://adriann.github.io/programming_problems.html
Dependency Injection Example

My solutions to exercises from Kernighan & Richie "The C Programming Language" (Second Edition)
Git repository for work from 7 weeks 7 languages book
HTML test project for Yandex

a set of small programs that are useful to be inserted in bigger projects
Documentation for the Trapper project
The code for my game, Periodic Alchemy.


Simple programs using template meta-programming in C++.
Some testing
Documentation wiki for using AppWarp On-Premise
My python scripts

My github pages repository.
Utilities from my DVR (SageTV)
Small application for Android what helps people learn multiply table. Made it for Android101 course
School Project - Create a tool that displays information about the disk
Demo of recoupling a decoupled project. Effective likelihoods and template parametrizations are hosted on the web.
A simple search component for K2

Miscellaneous configuration files from my Linux systems
learn rails tutorial by Daniel Kehoe
chef repo


Example code for personal use from the book Node in Action.
tcp server java example
My personal page.
The first app for the Ruby on Rails tutorial

This was a school assignment.
Set of screens that can be used to perform regression tests of operator interface.
Clone this and correct the jQuery errors!
This repository stores the projects I have developed
A small app, that's used in the Ruby Tutorial.


Minetest mod providing very basic implementation of whitelist.
docker files

dotfiles for yours truly
Demo project using the raphael gwt library.
A collection of ML Algorithms
Project Euler Problems
Documentation and Resources for the Minecraft Mod Station
I'm learning rails!
Code that I wrote to deeply understand how some general data structures function internally. A lot of pointer concepts covered. All code in C++.
Simple vanilla JS MVC implementation
Demo of how to list posts with collections in Assemble 
Just practice with Ember JS
My final project for Python course
repo for recipe storage
Installs Ruby 2.x on Ubuntu 12.0.4.LTS from the Brightbox Ruby NG PPA.

A simple hacky integration test
This is a fork of KA9Q's FEC library that also compiles on x86_64 and arm.
vim dotfiles
My emacs configuration
Template I use to start my scala projects.


This is a singly linked list implemented in C for my own personal practice. 
Notes from websites, books that I've read, etc., etc.

Testing GitHub out
Programming Practice
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample app
Just testing Github Pages
A notification-daemon fork supporting more options
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
This is the sample app from Rails Tutorial

Contains the TI-BASIC program called "HANOI"
A set of packages for the concrete5 content management system used by the ITM web site
class-capchta
The documentation for the Bootstrapper package
Original source of my blog posts. Written in Ghost flavoured Markdown (Haunted Markdown)
All other codes that are done for courseworks and personal fun
Simple IntelliJ IDEA plugin for Android Studio
Learning game for small children

Rails 4 tutorial
Saves state against an entity in MongoDB with simple constants and helper methods
A personal theme for my ghost application.


My stuff created while studying, training, being trained, or playing.
A small helper module for image galleries in WordPress, using ACF.
A simple application for quickly converting subtitle files from SubRib (.srt) format to WebVTT (.vtt) format.

practice
Store data in local storage

A small game for GlobalGameJam 2011
The content files for the LCDM website at the University of Illinois.

Data and parameters to replicate experiments in Model-Based Aligner Combination Using Dual Decomposition
A simple java pipe for couchdb changes feeds
a backup of the main site
This tutorial demonstrates how to use the Cloud API in Titanium Mobile. Specifically, the demo project will allow you to send a template based email to any recipient.

Collection of my solutions for algorithmic problems from infoarena.ro, written in C++.
Simple To-Do App written in Laravel 4 and Zurb's Foundation 5 front-end framework
A Makefile to build librumpuser on its own, useful if you want to fork it
Learning how to program using ruby on rails
My first push to github

Initialises the basic structure for a zaphire project.
The first app for the Ruby o Rails Tutorial
An example registration handler for setting up Salesforce with OpenID Connect

Personal Blog Project
Tutorial Sample App
One Month Rails 4
vim config for cpp
Weightable, new and improved
The sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial


Dating Python - A quick start guide to Python programming
The first project  for rails
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

A simple little android application which demonstrates how to intermingle some of today's most interesting technologies in the Android ecosystem: Dagger, Otto, android-priority-jobqueue, gradle and lightORM. All wrapped up in a neat MVC pattern. Nothing f

Test of Twilio SaaS using Play Framework 2.2.1
The sample app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
A simple plug-in for jQuery mobile which adds content to a list.

Std theme atweb
Just a litte project for testing
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Blog


WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A small library used to shadow polymorphic operators (and functions) contained in the stdlib.
Using Azure Active Directory with a WebAPI and testing via client console app
Simple Ruby API for the Bing Ads SOAP Webservices

First WebGL-Dart experiment
Fork of the cleaver project (http://www.sci.utah.edu/cibc-software/cleaver-cibc.html)
Code snippets discussed in blog
Prezi Notes on Google Glass during presentation
Sample app  for learning github 
My final year project for University. A tool for teachers to be able to easily create multiple choice test for their students.
Rename files by specific pattern.
small programs
Simple daemon that monitors /var/log/auth.log and notifies you via Twitter DM whenever somebody logs in successfully.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Template Project for Google Glass compatible Android app using OpenCV
demo repo for students

FSOLA - First Steps Of Learning Algorithms
Code for my Wikimedia Labs Tools account
I posted the rants at 2pm on 2 Jan 2014 - got a suspicious email at 4:20pm same day
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
My solutions from psets 0-8, and final project, from the online course cs50 [https://cs50.net].
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
learning to use git

ios course final task
An example of a basic solution setup for a brand new application.
Mirror of git://anongit.freedesktop.org/git/pixman
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

My Weechat scripts
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Something to demo git use in class
RFRateMe will help you promote your iPhone/iPad app without irritating your users. It's very simple to install, use and configure (If you need to change the default behavior).
Basic iphone application and python server for using trilateration (trigonometric and least squares) to determine the point coordinates of the phone.
A simple "Gift List Manager". A little project to learn Play2! and practice Scala
A (temporary?) sugar macro library for simple check.
xgl emacs setting
Read-only mirror of "countreg" from r-forge SVN.
This project exists to help others use basic graph theory (Dijkstra's, closeness centrality, disconnected subgraph detection...) on the D3 graph data structures.
A clone of Gameboy Tetris using HTML5 canvas written in javascript.


Cross-platform Paint.NET clone
Github mirror of  MediaWiki extension GlobalContributions - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing
swip is a SIP web phone working through a java applet. This is a fork() from sipappletjava.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Fork is maintained at https://github.com/guard/guard-brakeman Go there instead
A thin wrapper around the JavaScript Cytoscape Web library for Google Web Toolkit

Paystation example in C++ from Flexible, Reliable Software, by H.B. Christensen
Read-only mirror of "analogue" from r-forge SVN.

Mirror of http://drupal.org/project/panels_tabs provided by hubdrop.
\N
Read-only mirror of "robast" from r-forge SVN.
Nokia Education Delivery documentation


A Python Turtle program I created
chuo.me Blog
Code Examples for my blog
Demo site for my session at DrupalDownUnder 2012
Buzzword bingo web page for FRC kickoff
\N
This addon offers you some flavors to customize the colors of your platform easily. A flavor is a group of 4 files: background, borders, colors and fonts, corresponding the CSS properties.

Testing commits for our super project
(DEPRECATED) My first html game start.

A set of extern classes for Haxe that wrap the Titanium API (http://developer.appcelerator.com/).
Some exercices
Clone of the "Entity operations" Drupal module
Game
deprecated
A basic Flask app template using MongoEngine
Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/ad_google_maps/. Updated daily with svn2git.
vim configuration files
vim setting
Simple PHP contact form using bootstrap and the jQuery validation plugin.
Just a little Galaga clone written in Java.
Personal Site





A simple and free CMDB app written in Ruby on Rails
Mirror of Alfresco Community Edition (see https://wiki.alfresco.com/wiki/GitHub)
My Resume in LaTeX
A simple web based school management system.

Win32 code example to list all the imports within the executable, very useful aid to understanding PE executables and the API calls they are trying to use from various DLL's.
WPoniOS - Rest API is a plugin which provide a rest interface in WordPress CMS.
Fork of mapsforge - https://code.google.com/p/mapsforge/
Zend Framework 1 Config package
No longer supported see - https://github.com/meh/ruby-tesseract-ocr
A small, fast and simple 3D scene graph vector engine for JavaScript based on the HTML 5 canvas technology
