FuelPHP Framework - Composer Framework Component installer
A Moodle block element which is part of Turnitin's Moodle Direct v2 providing a link to Class Migration functionality for non admin users

A Teamcity plugin for building Unity3d projects. NOTE: this has an MIT license so feel free to copy / adapt as you need to.
Bind to the `beforecopy`, `copy`, `aftercopy`, and `copy-error` events, custom DOM-like events for clipboard injection generated using jQuery's Special Events API and ZeroClipboard's Core module.
"Alien Pong" OpenGL Pong game.
Websocket client software for socket.io
XNA real time strategy game with era system and multiplayer support.
Memorize is written in Java and uses Leitner flashcards to make memorizing facts not only more efficient but also more fun. jMemorize manages your learn progress and features categories, Unicode flashcard texts, statistics and an intuitive interface.
node.js based OSC Router app.
A text based game for a Dream In Code competition.
This module provides utilities for Speech To Text Engine of Apache Stanbol.
Multi-Provider Authentication for App Engine
Microcontroller Library for LPC2xxx Chips (presently LPC2101/2/3,LPC2104/5/6,LPC2131/2/4/6/8 supported)
A modification of Razor (https://github.com/msturgill/razor) for czech Ultima Online shard Auberon
in this file, projects written in Haskell exist
Grisu is a fast, new (2010) algorithm for converting a floating-point number to a decimal string.  It was introduced in a paper by Florian Loitsch (http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?doid=1809028.1806623) and the author claims it to be as much as 4 times fast
Node.js Version of MMSG for Chinese Word Segmentation
Conquest on Rails is a browser-based wargame.

Proxy your local web-server and make it publicly available over the internet
a sensible (so far java) build tool 
This is a plugin that makes it simpler to create, control, and animate x3dom based scenes using jQuery.
random utility scripts
Upload de arquivo utilizando o JSF + Primefaces + Hibernate
iOS 5 Container View Controller that mimcs the behaviour of the Path 2.0 and Facebook apps.

Javascript client library and app for CKAN data hub software
Fast and powerful CSV (delimited text) parser that gracefully handles large files and malformed input
Project Euler problems solved in Java, Python and C
A browser extension/add-on to filter tweets. Currently, supporting Google Chrome.and Mozilla Firefox (15+)
a memory game written for kivy
Long expires cache buster plugin for Lumbar
Webdriver/Selenium 2.0 JavaScript bindings for Node.js
The theme around Data Services are to expose existing Spring Data functionality to the web. The 'web' here is primarily focused on support to access data from traditional browsers as well as mobile clients. It also will explore the interaction of messagin
Some resources that can be used for workshops an courses on Dojo Ajax Toolkit
Measured Voice AWS deployment tools
:izakaya_lantern: ambilight clone for your arduino and some WS2801s using boblight
Parsing Time: Learning to Interpret Time Expressions

The neutrino programming language
An extension of Neuro to provide a "sync" component.
Handwriting app for Android
Tools for Energy Model Optimization and Analysis
\N
XBee clone using TI CC430F5137 microcontroller
A fix for the iOS orientationchange zoom bug.
modular framework for publishing (distributed and heterogeneous) language resources
MPEG-TS Segmenter for HTTP Live Streaming (iOS)

Domain::PublicSuffix - Perl module to parse a domain down to root using Mozilla PublicSuffix
Advanced file transfer plugin for phonegap
A Leiningen plugin to generate Autodoc pages for your project
Albion 2 Engine "light"
Galera Cluster documentation
Implement your own server using the redis protocol
Project template for authlogic and omniauth in Rails3

New def.reyssi.net blog circa 2015
a javascript rogue-like game

Use FB to create process registration and create WordPress users (not FB Connect)

Supervised Distance Metric Learning with R
A single process monitor for embedding into a plugin or extension.
 Warewolf  Easy Service Bus (ESB) is used for designing, orchestrating and implementing communication between software applications. It handles messaging, routing, and service co-ordination in a SOA framework. It's 100% open source and free. This reposito
First version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*

One hour JavaScript - Stuff I wrote in an hour.
Bootstrap is a toolkit from Twitter designed to kickstart development of web apps and sites.
BoomCMS is an easy to use CMS released under the MIT license. The core code is available here as a Laravel package.
A ruby wrapper for amazon product search
A jquery placeholder plugin similar to tumblr's based on MrColes' jsfiddle snippet.
Enhancements and improvements for Delayed Job 2.x
white elephant helper

WoW Addon - Allows you to choose a colour shader which best suits your type of colourblindness.
school life app
A pre-configured scripting client environment for the WISEBED experimentation facilities based on the BeanShell Java interpreter

Learn how to program by solving & creating physics based puzzles (like Angry Birds)
The official home of the LibVMI project is at https://github.com/libvmi/libvmi.
extension for grit

A visual guide to the wonders of Unicode
Rack Middleware which retrieves KML from Rails and produces KMZ for the client.
Cocktail is an application development platform that takes the pain out of the development of data-driven rich XAML applications. It is a blend of three popular frameworks: Caliburn.Micro + DevForce + Entity Framework. Line of business applications need t
Mobile application written using the Ionic Framework for an School project.
Normalized address bar hiding for iOS & Android
Peer-to-Peer secure backup system. Spreads encrypted pieces of a  file over a p2p network.
An Ace of Spades clone / fork / experiment, written in Python and using Pyglet for OpenGL.

Collection of packages about HTML/XML tags.
The prestashop html module
A repository for open source sample code for few often used functionalities used in Xamarin iOS.
Skeleton MEAN application with some standard tools like Bower, etc.
A c++(and possibly others)-aware tagger based on clang. 
Festival de Ideias
App based on Node.js, Express.js, MongoDb, Bootstrap and jQuery.
The Joy Programming Language by Manfred Von Thun
site based on octopress
An intro application for the Ionic framework
This ansible playbook will install a Debian / Ubuntu system on current server.
Given a route, this app will show  restaurants, attractions, etc. you pass by.
send SMS and Twitter ruby script
opage site I created with foundation.
Empanada Ordering System with css
Old 2 wheel ball shaped RC toy converted into robot.
JavaScript Dev Accelerator Coding Challeng Question 3.   Generate an AngularJS, ReactJS or other JavaScript MV* framework app that allows a user to create, edit, update, and destroy (delete) users. 
To-do List using Backbone.js
Arduino sketch written in C for hardware project to send MIDI signals to computer using a self-built foot pedal.
Searches for the best phylogenetic tree arrangement from a set of sequences (Amino Acids)
JQuery image and content slider
Use easily the DJ Shield for Arduino by Nootropic Design https://nootropicdesign.com/djshield
A Django-powered website where you can create an account, vote in other users' polls, and create your own polls as well.
Stylesheets for Documentation Pages
iTunes Plugin for CakePHP
Updates your library with the latest chapters of your favourite mangas
Java Generics Refactoring Tool for Inferring Wildcards
C++ 11 template-based reflection API

Manipulate colors like you write Sass. Mix some colors like you paint.
A Star Trek themed, text based game written in Python, which showcases the power of the Raspberry Pi.
This is Java program that takes the spelling of an number, and converts it into the corresponding integer.
Python script to count the total number of views across all of a user's photos.
LaTex Resume
sample spring application with multiple command patterns which are injected into a list so they can be processed

mainly used to generate some xml settings
ansible version of application template
Framework version for PCL 4.5 - Profile 78 (Xamarin) Code taken from https://github.com/Quobject/EngineIoClientDotNet
A hive2 multi host adbc based datasource. This will help in load balancing in round robin fashion while acquiring new connections from each Hive2 server.
Altium PCB project for the Dione LED board.

twitter sentiment analysis based on paper by pak et al. Also used to learn a little redis
This program offers the user random articles from Wikipedia to read.
Professional website, featuring blog posts, apps, libraries and slides
An Security Framework based on Spring-Security
Snake made in Mips assembly code.
Source for blog. Middleman site.
Boggle solver written in Java
Initial Ecommerce site using bootstrap
hson is a Python 3 tool for extracting Hearthstone game data
New project tracker repo, capturing version with 3 models (staffing, project, task)
Tiny little clipboard manager I threw together in go
A frontend blog-style app that fetches data using the WP REST API.
The base package for the papu rest tools. 
use these source files to demonstrate the edts red underline bug.
A quick word count plugin for Vim, perfect for adding to your statusline

Collection of scripts for different analysis.
Compiles decaf language into java bytecode.  Utilized Lex and Yacc.  Written in C++.
Chatting and send file across two LANs
Scripts and Code for Think Stats ebook
React + Golang API with Postgres
Resume template made with latex (theme isn't acheved for now)
Artificial Intelligence as a Service. Node.JS based API for AI.
fresh laravel copy
Copy files to a remote host using WinRM

a crappy javascript particle physics simulator
Alfred extension to quickly open your github repos in the browser.
a wordpress theme for the redesign of Prospect Enrichment Preschool
QML based Cross Platform application
Store details of other people without using database
6.00.1x Introduction to Computer Science and Programming Using Python

A Pacman clone made in Unity - C# / high scores / progressive levels / AI
async iterators (reduce, map, each) of collection (array, plain object)
Android app to keep track of whose turn it is.
Flappy Boot is an Atari 2600 game written in 6502 assembly.
tcp server and client code
Single page application for Portfolio Simulation
Microformats 2 Version of Underscores Starter Theme with Indieweb Support
A single page site using a accordion form design to add a new job opening
linked list implementation in javascript
Web Rollout Project
useful scripts for react development

A Game partly based on the DGameFrame 
Pacman AI projects developed at UC Berkeley(used with permission)
Implement a ruby program that returns a string and its substrings e.g. (Below => below, low)
An open source, plug-in based, and completely modular chat client.

Fluent Html Helper for Asp.net MVC
Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015.
Canary version of Dynmap
Replication in HTML and CSS of a design mockup provided as a PNG image. The responsive functions are based on Bootstrap.
Lightweight accordion for applications which are not using jQuery UI and needs accordion
Node.js sending mail over SMTP using Amazon SES
Simplified Chinese translation project for the Battle for Wesnoth.

tiny library for manipulating bits in JavaScript
Daily programming exercises from the daily programming reddit page
Asynchronously loading Ace Editor to a Meteor app. Ace version in used: 1.2.1
Windows version of DeskNet
Sound recorder android application
A kissy template engine for Nodejs/Browser
A parcelify transform, which allows you to import files using the node resolve algorithm.
macos command line tool of generate qr image and copy to clipboard
Shiny App to keep track of CRAN download logs and to visualize them
A implementation of Dijkstra's algorithm, with Graph class, to find shortest paths between points in a map.
Keikogi Application Template (bootstrap)
It's a library to manage all your background work in your app
A repository that contains all the code for kaggle knowledge competitions.
A Ruby Script a Day Project
This is a my web game bult in HTML5 and Javascript and without use of any additional frameworks, engines or libraries.
For latest version, please refer to http://www.sigchi.org/publications/chipubform/sigchi-extended-abstracts-latex-template/view
Spark open source program to fetch top urls, hashtags and usermentioned on basis of keywords
Lightweight and robust framework for creating composite components using Guice.
Repository for solutions to hacker rank problems (all domains).
helper classes for arduino dev. Tested with GTest+GMock.
This is an extension for wp-pro-quiz plugin of Wordpress. This extension displays individual users score at the bottom of their profile page. 
Big Data project for analysing India's PM's visit to USA done in collaboration with Apoorva Chauhan
Fork/continuation of damson_splitter to split up SpineML model for efficient computation

Java client for the Wink REST API
Ffs - Framework From Scratch built for research purposes. Reinventing the wheel, every functionality without using the power of Open Source
A set of PHP functions to better deal with accented utf-8 characters
HTML Canvas Framework
A python REST API framework for flask
Send sms to everyone you want
Instructional app for Intro to iOS App Development with Swift
Ansible role will help you with installing original vmware-tools form Vmware or fallback to Open VMware Tools (open-vm-tools).
Repo for Isa's website The Paper Quill
Fix your Baby's Birthday
This is a .NET Micro Framework Library for working with the Amazon S3 Rest API.
for windows: shho.exe; for mac: shho; source code: reg.py
Python Program to covert speech to text

A clean Markdown to HTML Website AWK program which is no more complicated then it needs to be
About update strategy utility can used in app auto-update module
Setup all the things on your workstation with Ansible
PRU public website
Tools for automation 1c:enterprase admin everiday work

A WinForms application that snips string inputted in one textbox and shows the output in another.
Fix Salesforce Multi-select Picklist with any REST API for a JSON insert and alleviate JSON_PARSER_ERROR
An ipython notebook to help with school spelling homework
NeverCat Wordpress theme, based on Zurb Foundation 5
Script to explain an Apertium translation in terms of its parts.
Attempt to mimic the twitter profile page UI
When developing web solutions, assets such as JavaScript declarations or HTML templates are frequently written in a location that differs from their desired output location. SuperScript.Container.Mvc allows developers to easily declare these assets in MVC
A collection of opencv code snippets
Solves any android bug within seconds
Generate a pure xml from a mysql Table.
Custom tools and scripts for Leadwerks
SifAPI is written for swift (Apple programming language), which manages REST API calling & returning results magically.

A javascript client based mesh processing tool. Built using vcg library, emscripten and webgl
kof's sketchbook year 2015
A multi-platform game framework in C# using Portable Class Libraries
A Client-Server custom mail service program created under the Toronto District School Board Netowrk. 
Slovenian Student Meals System web application - implementation in ASP.NET MVC
rollup file with all custome elements
Install profile (deprecated: use webfact-make project)
Copy of the 'rc' shell source (http://tobold.org/article/rc)
1294's robot and dashboard software for the 2015 season
Starter ansible template for new site project.
this package is an ANN toolbox,which the early published genoud algorithm and rgenoud package is employed to optimize BP process


Blog application for MOCC class
Protect your apps with the Samsung fingerprint reader.
Bunch of scripts for different purposes
Visual novel engine
Golang NEST library
App for university
Instant message application (server)
University assignment 
JWM App Menu Generator based on great work done with fbmenugen: http://trizenx.blogspot.com/2012/02/fbmenugen.html

iOS app for Epiquote webiste, written in Swift
Garmin .tcx file editor
A Docker image for Stash
My Long awaited Single Page App

Wordpress Theme based on the free mystile theme by WooThemes. Requires Wooframework to work properly.
some ios tech snippets
Working Cucumber Android Sample Project.
Long press on the Notification Center's top segmented buttons to clear all notifications on iOS 7 & 8
MeetUp is a social network power by Ruby, Sinatra, Web Sockets and Web Components
I was assigned to design and implement a web site for Online Ads Publishing as single page application (SPA) using HTML5 and AngularJS.
extension name map to language
Visual Studio Plug in to add in HLSL source as directly linked source code via a generated C header
A Web-based tool for viewing data collected by Tessel Reporter apps with data stored on the Tessel Data Server. 
Slices an image into pieces with specified size. Useful tool for sprite creation or animations
Setup HornetQ instances using Puppet
A wordpress plugin for donation processing
Jekyll Bootstrap Theme based on twitter

Compact password generator made in PHP
This is to host a website using pages
This repository contains source code for the OpenKantu trading system generator, which uses price action based rules for the automatic generation of trading strategies. For binaries please go to mechanicalforex.com
Reverse engineered Python API for Weiyun (Tencent's cloud storage service)
Configuration for awesomewm, based on Legospacy's config.
A-code source of Platt's Adv550 adapted to CGI

Is a javascript library based on snap.svg that permit to use .svg images files as templates to create web andon/control panels with dynamic data loaded from a json data source.
this is repository for all wordpress theme component from PSD to PHP
ec2-elastic-ip init script for ubuntu.  This will allow you to set the user-data and hostname for an amazon spot instance
MySimpleTwiiter is a MEAN Stack app that hava some microblogs features.
Joomla contact module for easy and fast sending mails with attachments with 5 additional custom fields at your disposal
upload component and business solution
This are just mod_perl2 Handlers for a  Static Content Farm.
A collection of ZAP scripts provided by the community - pull requests very welcome!
FreeBSD jail management tool relying heavily on ZFS
This package allows you to upload your database daily to rackspace cloud files
File watcher in Julia - can be used to auto-run unit tests etc
A ruby script to display the current UK Top 40 Charts and their Youtube links
Pelican Theme Masonary Redux
Framework for testing trading strategies

Share/Print/Open files with the native activity view controller in your Titanium app
. A graphing calculator that accepts a user provided function (as a String) and plots the graph of the function on a coordinate system. Has to read user input and evaluate the mathematical expression to complete the graph. Features a full graphical user i
Pelatihan Android Indonesia - Android Studio
Repository for links to NUS-related apps that will be useful to students of NUS.
Run an ETCD backup task inside a Docker container and upload it to AWS S3.
Mobile app that provides a medical control with some helps like drugs&doctors guide and reminders
Another youtube karaoke application
Educational implementation of a Generic HashTable in C++
An open-source implementation for picking files/folders out of an online API
Extention on CI Upload library for handling multiple file uploading
A sample project for listening to incoming call and send number to web server
Parse a page of a restaurant on Tabelog into JSON string.
Lindenmayer System Viewer
fipsified GLFW (https://github.com/glfw/glfw)
A data-only container for docker-stash
Express API bootstrap with Mocha test suite - using Vagrant and Chef with Berkshelf
A logoff utility written in python with Kivy that prompts the user for how long they want to be logged in then logs them off after that period of time. Gives the user up to 3 time extentions
Description and implementation of the core Knuth-Plass line-wrapping algorithm.
Marketing Page for Fullstack NH
A tiny program to tunnel something through SSH without any external dependencies.
RevMob plugin for Cordova
Art site for Kristin Whitney
PHP and other language ready functions
Platform that aggregates de best technologies to dynamically teach and learn between dynamic groups.
Android File Explorer
A MapReduce-powered extension to LIBSVM
PatternLab Style Guide for OvrC
Gamified app for tracking your language study
A template project structure for a PHP component. Includes config for Travis-CI, Coveralls and Scrutinizer.

Control an old-school analogue Scalextric set with a MindWave Mobile brain computer interface and an Arduino.
Application implementing reliable data transfer on local interface using UDP.
Ansible module used by OSAS to enable polyinstanciated /tmp
Collection of python scripts to allocate tasks and process raw results.
Arduino uses servo motor to point toward the direction of a sound source using phidget sound sensors.

TM-EDITABLE is a jquery plugin, which provides In-Place edit and Delete of the html input elements with some stunning themes.
localStorage-compatible API, but only stored in memory
Shared files for working with other Physics.SE users
A vim plugin for code annotation and code understanding using folds
Docker image with a build of Dropbox Pyston
docker image for building dropbox's pyston 
Elasticsearch plugin to list installed plugins
Swift code for the iOS version of the AUDL client application for iOS 8 and greater. 
Sala de treinamento
Project Euler solutions in Python
Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a Blob string.
An arduino library to simply use a PID controller
CommonJS shell sort implementation using Sedgewick's gap sequence
Magic Mirror webpage for fancy bathrooms
DeviceJS App & Class support for iotivity.org
Data visualization for gov.uk STATS19 accident report data on road safety
This is a sequential and parallel code in Parallel Java 2, for the Lagrange theorem that says, "Every natural number can be represented as a sum of square of four integers " 
Settings and code realted to PARCC
Class for searching mimetypes and realizing operation with them
An LTI tool for embedding YouTube players into Canvas course sites
repository for hackerrank
Create and configure BackupPC access.
Swing based employee information system
iOS Alarm Clock
Displays your public GitHub project repos
A html parser for ComputerCraft
Nim module for converting CSV to JSON
Django App for a Twitter Like App
How to communicate with an Arduino board using a Java application.
java programming with version 8
It is a android imageview which gives awesome moving animation
Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a BlobKey.
High level access library for the Guild Wars 2 API
Total Backup Script
xfind is a command line tool written in Go, which is like a subset of find command.
A Java application to view methods of interpolation.
Mac OS X library for vim-xkbswitch plugin
Ruby on Rails Social Network App
Chats is a PHP/JQuery Ajax based instant messaging system.
Search text on website for bible references and create a link to verse on bible.com

Some calculations of the magnetic polaron energies/
Nim NOAA weather API wrapper
Motion::Duration is an immutable type that represents some amount of time with accuracy in seconds. Adapted from ruby-duration by Jose Peleteiro
Starter kit for CoffeeScript development
Launch colored rspec output in vim
App where a user can create, update, edit, or destroy users.
Leage manager written in Java with Hibernate.
source code for https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b81phqjXzEA&feature=gp-n-y&google_comment_id=z12gff1wbs3qtlwti232zf4zwvbxsd4ls

Package from http://www.skarnet.org/software/skalibs/
Inject any function to execute custom script, get/set arguments and result, cancel function execute, Inject callback function to change argument's value.

Wordpress all in one Docker container
A class for creating word cloud or word graph makers.
first attempt on datomic storage using couchbase
Braintree package for Meteor <deprecated>
Allows telnet access to a CanaryMod server so that commands may be relayed remotely.
A collection of miscellaneous AppleScripts
[BACKUP] A CGI script to parse Markdown files with the PHP-MarkdownExtended package
continuing with rails...mostly static for now
This is the lobsda blog
Projects start guide for wordpress
Themes for Justwriting(https://github.com/hjue/JustWriting) blog engine


SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This project offers the functionality for relocating assets to an external file while storing the contents in a SQL Server database.
The slots game in jQuery flavored JS!

intertactive fiction at web scale
Ansible Galaxy role for importing SSL certificates into the Java keystore
laravel 4 springboard that will be used for any type of projects including complex once
A tool to manage docker containers. Powered by web2py.

Tic Tac Toe game written in Java
A Wordpress theme based on some like it neat
get the favourite programming language of a github user
Baroque is a dark GTK3/2 theme. It's a rather steampunk affair, featuring mahogany dashboards with brass fittings tastefully set with rubies and amethysts.
Generate a single HTML page of all the php-langspec markdown files.
This is a companion tool for the Hyperfox proxy. http://live.hyperfox.org
A library extending Xojo's iOS feature by adding extension modules and classes.
A generator for making Drupal Field and Views Formatters out of a jQuery Plugin (based on owlcarousel Module)
SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This library contains functionality for making HTML template-specific declarations.
Win7 calculator design written in css and html
An implementation of function invocation using variadic templates.  Uses a recursive binding algorithm to turn a set of strings into a function call.
Tracks which buckets investments should go into
Atom Editor theme which aims to render exactly like Twilight on TextMate 2
xvfb in docker
Just A Markdown Flavor
Suleyman Demirel University console application
A web proxy script written in PHP and built as an alternative to Glype. 
Script to scrap user comments from Reddit html files.
command line tool to validate project materials

Atom package to automatically copy selected text to the clipboard
This applications was written in order to experiment with the ways a JEE web application must be configured to successfully deploy it to various (free) cloud providers like Heroku or OpenShift.
Prototype of an apache module that executes files as queries and returns the result as JSON
A bot to bump Tri-Phi on http://trixinortriphi.com/
Web interface for the sponos-server repo
Project 3 for Udacity Nanodegree program.

A skeleton application for building custom reports with the GitHub API.
This is an open source lighting board OS build to work on any x86 capable device.
Github IO Pages Blog for Web Development
Implementation of Gost Grasshopper Encryption Algorithm. This program implements the test vectors set provided in the reference document provided by the Standartinform, Moscow, Russian Federation.
A configurable OpenID Provider based on Pylons
OAuth to SmartThings, hit an "API Access App", get JSON of all things.
This java program uses the data structures of a linked list, a hash table, and a binary search tree to create a dictionary program that can take multiple data types.  Iterators and wrappers are used to help navigate the data structures.
Lightweight responsive free Wordpress starter theme with YAML CSS framework and Sass
Vagrant file and chef recipe for local development.
Class projects for NLP.
A node.js passport provider for Microsoft Azure Active Directory
PubNub go-client wrapper
minimal unit test framework
Coding blog of CjS77
Where am I App- HTML5 Mobile
Fuzzy Intrusion Detection Engine written in Python. For a Masters assignment; ingests datasets similar to NSL-KDD dataset.
An opinionated blank starting set of HTML and CSS for students
Feedly API written in the D programming language
The app version of miniMoires - in development.
A JavaScript utility belt for the post-ES5 era.
REST client implementation in QT 5.4.0 and C++11
JavaScript Table Sorter using Quick Sort
Restarting the cryptix project with some random code :)
A flexible content management system written in and for node.js
A python controller for batch processing setup.
Source files used for data normalization and processing. 
Docker base builds of Jane Street Core using the OCaml/OPAM images
A node.js passport provider for Microsoft Azure Active Directory
This is an 2-axis gimbal code.
Mastermind game for Microduino Joypad

Documentation for ICT TAO-A
an audio filter system with a touchscreen interface. Processor designed and built in Verilog. VHDL modules to control the audio input (microphone) and output (i2s protocol to an audio jack) as well as the touchscreen (the touchscreen interface was modifie

PHP class to locate, play sounds, and lock iOS devices
Helpers for vagrant environment variable setting for docker apps.
A Python library for the Munsell colour system
Performant WebRTC signalling server (written in Elixir)
Pi-Powered VPN Client Gateway: installation documentation and related files.
Inject build information (like package version, SHA) into your Ember app.
An LTI tool for embedding Vimeo players in Canvas
Convenient way to store all your files(read configs) and folders(containing alot of configs) in one folder for version controll.
Create playlist from text file
Ruby wrapper for the Gorilla.io API
crufter.com source code
An Ecommerce app prototype written in Swift following Object Calisthenics rules.
Useful utility and design template classes for Java 8
android app for the Google Student Club
Heroku buildpack for https://bitbucket.org/liamstask/goose
Extras plugin for the OpenMediaVault VDR plugin.
the eldarion.com blog app intended to be suitable for site-level company and project blogs
Arduino with Ethernet Shield sends data to remote server.
An app for creating folder icons for media based on the show/movie/album it holds.
GitHub Pages
Karma plugin for inline sourcemap support
Snippets of SDR-related code
Sample Project - Trying to figure out the how to send an email
helpers for working with python source files
This karma-plugin shall give you the posibility to parse urls out of files in the karma scope and download those to be used in testing.
Added infinite scrolling to wordpress plugin official-wordpress-events
Provides A LogViewer Admin Module For Laravel 5

Set of functions to mine and organize Riot's API
An open source tortoise robot.
This project help's you decide what underlying big data technology to use based on your data and what you want to do with that data.
Membuat program data buku dengan menggunakan teknik minimum sorting
This is an API for Arduino which support I2C communication. Using this library can scan to get the I2C messages get send a message to another device
Android app to route vocal orders to a server
HTML Class and ID completion for emacs by using ac-html.el and csswatcher projects
croptastic jQuery, Canvas, and Raphael-based picture cropping widget.
Generate fake random data for fantasy-climate projects. Currently supports only Polish language.
Docker image based on baseimage-docker configuring syslog-ng to send log messages to Logentries.com.
Folder Monitor is an open source java application that monitors a folder for a specified file type and runs a command on that file.
stores all contact information including social network accounts
A Java calculator using Swing

The main server side for the serverlist (used by Germanunkol/Affair).
Github website

Gisgraphy library with common logic
A Chrome extension that helps you keep track of your daily tasks.
An OpenSource FeedReader, based on https://github.com/AWDevCorner/FeedReader-step-by-step , works great with WordPress.
Binding to the Dropbox Remote API
tools for GH development
Grad school portfolio
library to serialize java objects to XML, json, php, yaml, python, ruby, ...
Manuscript for Intro-to-Probability
The first pure Blogging System, ever seen, since ages, made even better.
SignMeUp application for Brown TA program.
Get a text message when your class opens. 
Poker without cards; over internet using socket programming. Used RSA Algorithm and SHA protocol's commutative encryption scheme for encryption and decryption of cards, with an objective to implement an unarbitrated protocol that allows random choice with
GitHub Pages
AdBuddizController is a Python module for accessing and displing ads from an AdBuddiz SDK for Android in Kivy, Python-based apps.
brandingbrand github pr tool
Aggregator style website created with Ruby on Rails. 
minimal script to help find script into de nse database
Data vizualization of life expectancy in Canada by Province

Docker image with NGINX / PHP 5.6
Xkbswitcher, a Gnome-Shell extension to easily switch between xkb files located in the user home directory
starting structure for flux react app
Tkgui/Othello game logic written for ICS 32 at UC Irvine
Quick and Clean wordpress plugin starterkit ; A plugin boilerplate to add custom codes in wordpress features & theme, an agile alternative to function.php in theme
Parabolic curves using only straight lines.
Some Langtons Ants
Tiny app for serving up a random video intro. Intended for use with Plex.
Homebrew Pong-like game for the Nintendo DS
a multi-platform source code translation language and tool
A bash script to create a Plex-compliant directory for your TV series
repository to keep track of Ez3D Phoenix parts and upgrades. For all to use. 
vim support for efene
Vinegar-Site
Open Web Integrated Development Environment - full stack framework and IDE for bare-metal development in HTML5, CSS3, JS, WebAudio, WebRTC and more. 
Base PHP application skeleton.
Given locations of roads and intersections as points this program draws a map and is capable of finding the shortest distance between 2 points. Completed in Spring 2014. 
Node.js API helper module
The purpose of this function is to determine if a character in a file is a punctuator or separator and to use recursion to reverse the order of text words.
Implementation of commonly used Data Structures and Algorithms
A Polymer element for querying the APIs created with Kimono
A reference implementation for the communicating with the Unity Rest system.
C/C++ version of the zxcvbn password strength estimator
Mobile Application Development - WINTER 2015
Playing around with the large number of characters that our sweet George R.R Martin killed on the HBO Serie Game of Thrones.
ModuleScript for making it easy to do Client/Server communication using the ROBLOX platform
Client and Server source code
The website to accompany the Stanford Open Source Academy's Spring 2015 session SWI-Prolog group
server component for dreams and stuff mobile app
store django request objects for debugging / recreating server errors
Malicious teensy execute a file
A website with JQuery functionality that I put together for the final project of a JavaScript class.

Have you ever wanted to see where you stand on recent GitHub Issue work for a repository, this is the thing for you.
Barebones CMS - SSO Server/Client Page Protection widget
Learning analytics Moodle plugin - graphs to help teachers.
Repository for eCommerce database SQL scripts
So far this is a generic game engine built with Ogre3D, Bullet Physics, SDL and Raknet. It is built around a component system and uses messaging between components. I aim to build a first person shooter with it that draws inspiration from Halo/Call of Dut
Fitbit AS3 API Client Library
Python script to take either single image file or a directory of images and sort by year and date stamp by extracting DateTime EXIF tag from image.
Base Vagrantfile and dummy box. Can be forked for each new VM that is created. Uses the vagrant-vsphere plugin.
A Docker container for running iperf3 in client or server mode
Project to try to figure out and do something with an Intel P8085 processor that I salvaged. Building a minimal 8-bit computer.
Short python script designed to identify housekeeping genes in protein files, concatenate them, and create a MLST phylogeny
a program for the simulation of nonrelativistic celestial mechanics
A javascript application that formats crime data for Marple from the data.police.uk api
A ps and bash scripts to make taking screenshots from an android device and transferring it to your machine easier
Website for Gold Cadillac built on PHP\\Laravel
A Markov-chain random text generator.
API driven TCP tunelling for multiple different backends
Graphical implementation of Conway's Game of Life for iPad written in Swift.
Provide a command to format and install arch linux on a server through a running Ubuntu live
:thumbsdown: [Deprecated] The 6to5 formatter for library authors.
Dropbox helper for removable drive management
A python library that makes common hue light scheduling easier
[Deprecated] [iOS] Flick in a scrollable area in Jailbroken iOS to scroll to that point (concept: http://simurai.com/blog/2012/09/13/flick-scrolling/).
(Perl) Convert Pod to InDesign's Tagged Text format
Helper for Algorithm Competitions
Chinese Text Segmentation Data for jiebaR Package
renders is go template middleware for tango
A Mongo storage provider for the PropertyGraph.jl package
Javascript implementation of macaroons
Docker image to run DB2 LUW
Extra features for sales management, for example template quotations.
SikuliX version 2.0.0 to be released in 2016
Create an ansible user and configure its credentials
Stripe SAAS Rails Engine
msgpack implementation by pure Lua (5.1) works without LuajJIT and FFI.
A Clojure library for Apache Spark: fast, fully-features, and developer friendly 
An interactive visualization of Stanford's enrollment by major using D3.js backed by AngularJS
RabbitVnc is a cross-platform remote control library and program vnc-based.
IRC server Docker image with config.
ELKI Data Mining Toolkit
I was tired of all the services that made you pay to host a portfolio.
Swift version of the joind.in iOS app, using API v2
Python Challenge Solutions
A convention based framework on ASP.NET MVC to start Domain Driven project
An application (Epichrome.app) and Chrome extension (Epichrome Helper) to create and use Chrome-based SSBs on Mac OSX.
C++ Binding for CLIPS Rules Engine

Template for Gulp
Crabfarm ruby client
Java non-functional testing framework
interactive treemap with text or image content
Setup all the things on your workstation with Ansible
Scripts for working with data from Google Finance


The wantedpixel.com website
next version of the git-scm.com site
Relevant .m files for simulation
An open source Pusher server implementation compatible with Pusher client libraries written in GO
A graphing utility for Moodle, see the provided documentation for this exciting plugin for Moodle
iOS OAuth2 Library for TheKey
Interpreting XML tables from Tally into datatables using R
Batyr is a web application that can be used to improve listening skills.
/dev/null equivalent of connect-session
Label System
pascal program sources
 :date: The VObject library for PHP allows you to easily parse and manipulate iCalendar and vCard objects
Offline Hadoop Elasticsearch Index Building and Tools For Lambda Architectures
Table Component for elisp
Easy keychain manipulation in iOS

backend API server running on Falcon framework and alcohol. Ciders & Lagers not included. 
Puppet module to install php5
Simplize using fusionchart free in ruby on rails
Perl module - Subclass of Log::Dispatch::Email that uses Email::Sender
Open Source GitHub Chrome Extension.
PEDSIM is a microscopic pedestrian crowd simulation system. It is suitable for use in crowd simulations (e.g. indoor evacuation simulation, large scale outdoor simulations), where quantitative measurements like pedestrian density or evacuation time matter
When I browse a subreddit, I like to open all the new links in new Chrome tabs to cruise through them faster. This opens all of them at once!
An automated tool for importing media files in Open Access articles into Wikimedia Commons
Extended Library and Surveys Engine
Simplistic Jail plugin for Bukkit
Rsync SNApshot baCKUP transfer and replication tools
Aptible's Support and Documentation Site
The !CHAOS project, an INFN (www.infn.it - Italian National Institute of Nuclear Physics) project, is aiming at the development of a new concept of control system and data acquisition framework providing, with a high level of abstraction, all the services
jeen github page
DEPRECATED: Tools for Documenting JS (and Friends) with Sphinx
Takes apps from your Paz service directory and runs them on a CoreOS cluster using Fleet.
node.js server and Express API for the Monolist application.
Create a recurring date and query it to see if it lands on a particular date.

A Python library for 3D object construction from 2D parts
Source app for Bloc Chat project using Firebase
This component provides pose data for a tracked object in the qualisys motion  tracking system. It uses a TCP connection to the QTM server to transfer live  tracking data
AuthN signing and verification.  Appears in both the client and server
Libraries to provide Real Time Communications via the web
Puppet module to manage Windows AutoUpdate
A high-level library for traversing the OS storage model.
iOS chiptune/module player
Create and navigate location on a google map by defining a list

Compute community variograms, carry out null modeling, and and graph results
A gem to automate builds & deploys for Android, iOS and web apps
A parser for the cfdg language written in perl
A jQuery plugin to build a website on the infinite canvas
Web application in RoR that manages GPX treks and geotagged pictures
[Magento Extension] It allows frontend developer to send ajax requests and return a custom information from the server without a php developer help (without any php code).

Mobile application for DevConf
DomainMOD is an open source application written in PHP & MySQL used to manage your domains and other internet assets in a central location. DomainMOD also includes a Data Warehouse framework that allows you to import your web server data so that you can v
JQuery datatables.net implementation in CodeIgniter
Cardboard is a Magic: The Gathering game engine written in Python.
WifiCamera is a Python module for controlling the network camera CS-W07G-CY.
RapidMiner Extension for Anomaly Detection
2015 Election Analyser
Maven HTMLCompressor Plugin allows to compress HTML/XML files by adding a few lines to the pom file.
A php class for creating trees from database rows.
An interpreter for the Concur programming language written in C.
Projeto de tradutor do Script JNS para linguagem NCL
Entity Framework graph merge extension method

A C# based app to control Sonos Devices
C++ framework for json-rpc (json remote procedure call)
A plugin for wordpress to show videos with Flowplayer5
A python script that solves sudoku puzzles

logging server for concurrent writing
jQuery based tool to sort items into containers with some additional bells and whistles to make the whole process smoother and more intuitive
A library that simplifies the exposure of data through REST interfaces in a secure, scope dependent way. Basically transforms internal data into whatever a client of your API has the right to see.
An extension to display histograms for images
DLLs generated from the framework WSDL files to connect to the openengsb from the c# bridge
DEPRECATED! (Not supported + code base is not so good) Need to work with vk.com in your Android app? Just use Android-VK-Api library!
document functions using comments; read them in the REPL
2D jQuery based mapping system for games
I'm new in ruby scripts! Just say stop siri proxy or stopp siri proxy and your siri proxy will stop immidiatley.
Yii extension for sending emails with layouts using PHPMailer
Better design for your Apache folder listings
javascript integrated queries
Ejemplo de llamadas entre actividades en Android - FINISHED
Pronamic Feeds allow you to add RSS feeds to your site, that will enable the copying of content from the remote link to your own posts.
hopefully this will be a the turn-based-inversed-tower-defense-game ;)
A centralized suite of extensions for the TTYtter Twitter client. These extensions add features such as sound notifications, text to speech, and more.
Web Application Framework for Node.js
[Deprecated! Use MenuItemKit instead] UIMenuItem with Image Support
Clean jQuery Mobile theme-pack and theme generator
[DEPRECATED] Write the templates in your Meteor Application using Handlebars and Jade instead of HTML and Handlebars
A Vim color scheme based on Jason W Ryan's miromiro Vim color file and dark terminal color scheme.
Plugin to write WordPress themes w Object-Oriented Code and the Twig Template Engine
Justly Done - Open Source Productivity
This is a UILabel category which allows you to insert Emojis you use in Campfire, GitHub, Basecamp, Turntable.fm, Teambox, Trac and Flowdock without the need to calculate where to insert some UIImages representing the Emojis.
A set of unix scripts I like to use
Part of the Sparks Framework. A plugin that allows creation and management of upcoming events.
The documentation for the DDSC Lizard API.
Mediator pattern for Halo, a client-side MVC framework.
Docker-based CKAN environments, with bells and whistles

A module for ProcessWire that generates a sitemap.xml file for use with major search engines.
Version 2 of chorus, complete re-write, still in development, Considered pre-release and many things might change before first release.... 


a Web UI autotest framework based on Selenium and TestNg. Now the project has been moved to NetEase https://github.com/NetEase/Dagger
for iOS - Lion/XCode 4.5.2 version


JWildfire - an image and animation processor written in Java
Minecraft client in C#
A command line tool to use the RESTlos Monitoring Configuration API
Package manager for the Nimrod programming language.
Beyond the Standard Model ttbar like events analysis
Kohana administration module with built-in CRUD
Application to assist users in creating a guide for League of Legends
Distributed testing tool for the MIT Battlecode competition
NextGEN Enhancer Wordpress Plugin
Browse and stream content from a variety of online MMA sources.
C# Spotify Library

A Rails interface for Intuit's Quickbooks Web Connector

Map Overlay Web Service for the Australian Bureu of Meteorology 
A Backbone.Sync replacement for Lawnchair.js based JSON storage
JavaScript written Class to evaluate a password (score from 0 to 100). Usefull to show a User how good is his choosen password.
Library for Facebook-enabled network games, based on Three Rings' Game Gardens service
Plain Old Ruby Template Handler
Quick hack to enable file uploads on Play 2.0 (until the official support is in)




A ruby interface for interacting with a Cobbler server.
Free MT4 trade copier - Metatrader4 EA software to copy all trades from one to one or more Metatrader4 terminals written in MQL4 language (*.mq4)
Creates dummy posts, tags, and categories for testing
WordPress Blank Theme
HBase-Writer is an extension to the Heritrix open source crawler written by the Internet Archive (http://crawler.archive.org/) that enables it to store crawled content directly into HBase tables.

php apps made easy
this is a CLI script displays bullion prices.
Android OBD Reader using bluetooth
Folio is an ePub editor written in MacRuby.
A python server library and out-of-the-box reference implementation server
A native extension for Ruby to handle standard deviation for Arrays

A script for versioned backups using rsync and hard links (or btrfs snapshots) to preserve space. Some advanced features are also available. A remote helper script in order to lock MySQL tables and/or use LVM snapshots as backup source, is also provided.
Smallish programs written to learn something.
Python port of git-svn-mirror utility written in Ruby by Eloy Duran.
A Polyglot Persistence Engine
rails car listing
:scroll::briefcase: tool to export wiki from SourceForge project (used for PDL wiki)
this is not a HTTP request lib like the ones you see around, it is REAL BROWSAH!
This repository contains various scripts related to Infoblox products (mainly NIOS and NetMRI).
C++ AmazonMWS REST Client
Suite of tools for high speed programming in Python

Google Fonts in WebGL 3D

Google Weather Widget for PyroCMS
A javascript library to parse (and render) org-mode files
QuickApps CMS pack de traduction multingue
An implementation of a Stock Market in Minecraft. This is the standalone server.
Grails Plugin that provides all post codes of Switzerland
Readable milliseconds for you and other humans. Node.js
An implementation of Reiner Knizia's Lost Cities using node.js and socket.io.
RESTful Data Service for Mongo

A Spotify app that plays a random track when you press a button

NetCDF Clojure Library
A faster and more .Net centric couchbase client





FreeSWITCH Dynamic config files served by Innate + CouchDB

A Template Upload Center for Plone sites
Fathr is a open PHP Framework with a CMS built on top - But you can of course just use the Framework itself. It is inspired by Codeigniter and CakePHP.
Topgun, developed three years ago as a spare time project, is an android based jet game. You control the plane to dodge the bullets and try to survive as long as possible. I created the game four years ago started without any knowledge in android developm

The mysql connection pooling module for a prefork server (like php). You can limit the number of connections by shariing connections bewteern a parent process and child processes
Easier interface to create dashboard widgets in WordPress
A bootstrap file for an AWS AMI (should work for Cent OS as well).
Pf4wp is a framework to help develop plugins for WordPress.

Fast poker hand evaluator written in c++/c
weaver2007 code library
An iOS photo app playground of sorts
A compiling version of Launcher 2 from the Android ICS source code
C++ Template Meta-programming Prelude Implementation
Python package for UNIX/Linux daemon boilerplate 
Python script for breaking or atomizing OAI-PMH repositories into simpler text formats
Mac OS X replacement of NSTextFieldCell class that interprets Bold HTML tags
A Productive Environment - make/rake/ant/fab-like system with support for FOSD 
FuelPHP Framework - Filesystem library
Graylog2 module for Puppet
Upload data from standard input to Amazon Glacier. Save metadata on Amazon SimpleDB. Needs more testing and documentation.
Builds a resume from your LinkedIn profile using JasperSoft's tools
String matching algorithms, like using Brute force, Finite state machine, KMP, Shift_and, etc.
AdTonik Mobile Client for iOS
miltons-machine is an open source library of Ruby code primarily dedicated to the analysis and "practical" application of set theory for musical composition - as defined in the various contexts of 12 tone theory and its offshoots (e.g. Forte, Morris, Star
An ECMAScript 5.1 parser, written in JavaScript.  The ECMAScript grammar was created using Jison.
Remote control your philips TV using a web application
\N
Dotfiles for Mac using zsh
A python script that helps you stay sane when working with external people who provide your iOS project with resources
With this Dokuwiki plugin you can index and search your pages with an external Solr server
Open source XML MVC framework for eXist-db
Experiment for using Nancy and WebKit.NET to create a windows desktop application using web technologies.
An alternative for the C++ Standard library, expanded and cleaned up where necessary
A text adventure game
Forecast is a website which tells you tomorrows weather forecast using GeoLocation to locate you.
Scripts for managing a collection of book reviews.
dotfiles of various tools
Indenting for AWK script
FreeMind Import for astah Plugin
A Vagrant+Chef setup for Ubuntu 12.04.1 (Precise Pangolin). Comes complete with the latest and greatest for PHP Development
A helper library for cgkit This provides some useful function to handle BVH animation format with cgkit
An implementation of the LiveReload 2.X server in Node.js
Projet Java, simulation d'une fourmiliere
This program "appelizes" your music collection into a separate directory, by recoding FLAC and OGG and hardlinking all the others.

Hudson Plugin that reads jumble report and generates a report per build and a trending graph
**NOTE** Use the repo linked:
A DocPad Skeleton based off Twitter's Hogan.js GitHub Page
Some programs I wrote to make YAPC run a bit more smoothly.
This Markdown extension adds inline LaTeX support without the need for external images.
Pull data about Places from the Factual API
A extension for Cloud9ide for ZenCoding functionality.
Lazy load html from a template when positioned into view.

Natural Language Processing Tools
Provides useful features to Doctrine 2 projects

#WordPressPlugin: Lets you make a WordPress page (or other content type) link to an external URL of your choosing, instead of its WordPress URL.
A plugin for Audacious to play GSF files. Based on Highly Advanced.
slackbuild scripts for several packages
A tile-based "slippy map" library written in/for C++/Qt. It's meant to enable C++/Qt developers to easily add nice, interactive maps to their applications. Supports zooming, rotating, interactive custom map objects, transparency, etc. It is a Qt map widge
Templates for Google Blogger and related stuff
A node.js app that dynamically builds and serves JavaScript files
Chrome extension for JSON edit in RIAK.
Objective-C 2 parser for recurrent rules with ability to parse iCalendar RRULE format (from RFC 5545 spec). ported from https://github.com/skyporter/rrule_parser   Currently testing on iOS 5+- under  MIT License
[Magento Extension] Ajax Cart without any php code based on VF_EasyAjax module.
poky for translation
Node.js library to textify text
Hausbus3 implementation in Python
More Muc Than You Can Handle
Find, display, and optionally round floating point plane coordinates in Source engine VMF files.
A plugin for importing raw SVG into the svg.js library
A class based programming DSL for Javascript
for classic Java SDKs.
Online documentation for freistilbox
Lucene search of a git repository
A javascript based database for local memory based storage of data or resources
PostgreSQL library for the Lua Event Machine
code for setting up Planet Python India 
A Zend Framework 2 website for the IGN Entertainment Engineering department.
Radbox plugin for xbmc
Solution to programming questions (Project Euler, UVa, etc)


Http/Https benchmark tool
just grab it from corporates...


ai intro assgn 1

A multi user realtime canvas application using Node.js and websockets using Socket.IO

A try at asynchronous file I/O in twisted. Maybe it will work.
My Blog
Create a calendar of wake-sleep sessions based on power management logs.
Project 16
Party component
Festival Extension for php
One finger touch in the browser with Javascript - get direction, distance and speed of a swipe from both mouse and touch events.

New theme for Venture Cafe


python xmpp test client
a tiny and flexible PHP Framework
\N
drupal developer functions that i'd like to add or override

tv guide with fast loading times
bloops' archive of solutions to algorithm problems from programming competitions and online judges.
PHPUnit-like framework for producing and testing code "kata".
A Google Plus extension for docking YouTube videos.
a web app 4 make appointments and share your hair style!
Alternate version of WageTracker using SQLite instead of XML

Stream of consciousness web app decouples act of writing from content by denying you the opportunity to fix typos, see most of what you've written, or view any posts less than 1 hour old
MineCraft Guild Management System
Encargo de RBZ
A Ruby On Rails Based Kanban.
Notes management program written in python pygtk2

Remote backup tool written in Python 3
jQuery image gallery-like plugin to cycle through a set of images.
Sample numerical modules for the Mechanic
A chess engine I wrote some time ago. I like chess and this seemed like a fun project. The engine isn't complete, it doesn't know about pawn promotions, and the AI isn't all that strong. But it does work, to some extent.
Black Jack like game I made to learn Java
Safari extension for shortening links with clck.ru

A ZK component like JQuery Chosen

Code (prototyping) for a research project concerning the information capacity of the human motor system at HIIT.

super-mini-framework for web development in PHP
Astronomical Data Service

Refactor of IBM's (tm) hadoop filesystem to work with fuse4j
A mutliplayer version of "tile rummy", more commonly known as Rummykub for android
search through Fasta and Fastq files as fast as grep (because it is)
BBEdit package for the monkey programming language
Collected public data and tools concerning a formal experiment conducted with tagstore 
Sample project developed in cakephp
Some LESS CSS snippets, mixin's etc. used by me / Valued Standards
GUI engine
version 2 of the flux qc app

A cross-platform python library to retrieve the current user's special folders (like Images, Documents, Videos etc.).
For finding "points of interest" i.e. waist, hips, top of head, bottom of feet, etc. where measurements can be taken
Useless Linux Kernel Module to control your mouse through a char device
R.css scheme collection for better R help pages
component tester

Recipe Project
C++ code of tris game for network implemented with SDL
Zenchor is Chrome extension to monitor Zenoss events
Embedthis Build Tools

\N
Anue site
use flask on google app engine
A code igniter module for role based access which can also be based on groups
A set of computational physics modules

A Wordpress plugin to add location info to posts and aggregate them on a Google Map

Library of commonly-used helper functions for Haskell
Add the jquery-fancybox jquery plugin to your rails 3.1 app.

GTK+ for VLC npapi plugin on Linux
Codecgraph is a tool to generate a graph based on the ALSA description of a High Definition Audio codec.
This project converts ASCII text to models to be displayed in programs using OpenGL ES running on Android 2.2
Translation Error Rate (TER)
modification on a theme by wp-shower


Maven Echo Plugin

Server side, Spring-based interface for handling data from Spotify scrobbler app
freesound.org api wrapper
A broadcast messaging server
A lightweight library for quick sketching UI like interactions in Processing.
\N
Tabletop engine in OCaml




Third version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*

Seventh version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*
Third version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*-VP
A very flexible AJAX based MySQL data editor.

\N

mixi page app sample using catalyst
Some useful extensions to ASP.NET MVC

The code that powers denachtdienst.org a website where friends can share their music.
Wordpress templates and plugins used for seekingmichigan.org
rumble all-purpose data butler
 TemplateEngine2: completely PHP based templating system with a completely pluggable framework

Softsign Version 3.x
Somewhere to keep any Jquery plugins we develop.

Connect to the Jira API via Zend Framework OAuth

Extension for Google Chrome to keep track of your great non-smoking life!
A JavaScript library for creating Snake clones.
A system call interception framework


Convert WTT strings files to android strings files

Open Source XHTML, CSS, PHP and Javascript for WordPress sites built by Loud Feed
A Responsive Boilerplate Theme for WordPress

A lightweight NBT file reader/writer library
Converts SBV subtitle files to a comma-delimited format. SBV files are used by Youtube.com's automatic subtitle generating system, and can be downloaded. This program will convert them to a comma-delimited format that can be imported into MS Excel or Open
easy newsletter system based on ruby on rails 3.1

Unix config file editor written in javascript
A disk cleanup tool that thoroughly scans your computer for unnecessary and invalid files no longer being used by the system. Removes items missed by Windows Disk Cleanup and popular tools like CCleaner.
Bash background exec. A daemonizing wrapper script for use with start-stop-daemon. Well... sometimes.

Random tools that come in handy


experiementation based on http://java.ociweb.com/mark/clojure/article.html
jQuery Imageviewer
Piano keyboard for Qt4 based platforms
Nette component for fast creating mini calendar 
Web application for controlling SiliconDust hdhomerun devices.
Sync JS automatically updates HTML, Scripts, data, and other resources within dynamic web pages. Unlike other JS frameworks, Sync JS attempts to significantly reduce the amount of JavaScript needed to create dynamic web applications.   The framework uses 
A tool to help people who take medication keep track of it. You can buy it for $5 on my website or if you're geeky enough, build it from source!
In this challenge you will work on a simulation problem with a hydrographic theme. You will be asked to progressively fill an underground cave with water. The cave sports a particular topography of rock formations that will affect the way in which the wat

an iRODS implementation in the Twisted framework
backup from inception with photos update but disqus distorts
Android
Listagem de produtos
A ruby on rails email client

Deck of Cards for Android
A game which is a combination of a Fruit/Slot Machine and a Puzzle game where matching patterns is required



A work in progress email reminder site.
Gemoji's blog
Karpinski Practice Website
Wizard to generate TCOS thin client network boot images
A Maven 3 plugin for working with JAXB.

A Makefile template for compiling web sites
simulacion de perfil en flash
Sexy and Sex no like.
Hacky tools for downloading public Proust stories
A REST-API for managing and streaming music, along with a JS front end.
Linux Game
A jQuery Plugin that allows different objects to move in a parallax motion around the page as it is scrolled.
Control principal y control de actitud
A blog editor using xml rpc
The Now app from Beginning Android 4
ConTeXt file for generating hanzi practice sheets
C to Brainfuck Compiler (it is a long-term work, which is stilll under development)
A easy whiteboard with backlogs and tasks that can be assigned to a team members
Home Automation Interface based on QT, using LUA for "script"
bash history collector.  Web (php/mysql) component plus bash functions


Machine Learning (6.867) project on differentiating written dialects of a language
A plugin for Melody and Movable Type that allows administrators to publish a site to a different directory for the specific purpose of creating a version of the site appropriate for offline distribution (e.g. a USB key fob)
Pluggable crawlers to crawl geek profiles across portals like github, stackoverflow etc.
Tool to assist in the creation of ODF files, template-based for a magazine project at school.

Profile (aka. CV, Resume) generator for IT freelancers (multi-format, multi-language)
A chat client I am building from scratch.
Plugin that allows Uni to also create Lectures for a Course
Slot Machine Bukkit Plugin

Element Attribute Based DOM Injection. Add content to the DOM when attribute conditions are met.
Extensiones de la anterior
MediaWiki extension to add Twitter Widget in the sidebar.
A server using source port of  UDP packets to transfer a message payload 
Final project for CS 230 Data Structures.  Keeps track of all the books and patrons in a citywide library system.  As of the last Dec 15th commit, I met all my goals for the class project; I've spent too much time on it to give it up that though.  Look fo
A practice management software suite for managing patients and orders. 


Importing CSV data file into an iOS app via email attachment
A slider plugin for jquery
Web based document editor
A Dozen Eggs game implemeted with playn
Warsow gametype script series
Asynchronous Proxy Engine for SilverStripe 3.0 - export DataObject class methods to javascript
Calibrate a camera in C++ using OpenKraken. An exercise for IMAC (Engineering school). You select identical points in different photographies and the application finds the coordinates in 3d of these points. Useful !
C library for writing portable USB drivers in userspace
SimpleErl is the simplest yet flexible and managable static site engine. Written in Erlang, executed by YAWS.
Your task is to write a Logo-like program that is capable of producing ASCII art. You will be provided with an input file containing a list of commands which when parsed and executed should produce an ASCII drawing.
Esto es una prueba de github

A python module to work with molecular data related to Transcription Factors

some gentoo init scripts
Find out which of your friends are "sneaky"

semestral work for MKR course (CTU FEE mobile and cooperative robotics course)

Projet du cours de compil

Scrubr contains a set of utilities to parse a payload against a definition. It can be used on it's own or it can be used as middleware for Connect.

Gravitar component for Appcelerator Titanium
Provides a global persisted key value store for BrowserCMS that can be used to keep configuration key value pairs
Project management system
Set of components used to create a complete CMS dashboard.
Octopress-powered blog

Some jQuery UI experiments
A web project based on java spring



Backup of all packages to install  a server with PHP, MySQL, PhpMyAdmin, ...

JOMC is an object management and configuration application programming interface with corresponding reference implementation and tools for managing object management and configuration code.
Simpla WordPress Theme with support for widgets


Zookeeper recipes using python

Performance Test Server Component
Juego de poker web

hxtml is an HTML/CSS parser + renderer written in pure haXe


AsyncEventEmitter is an asynchronous implementation of EventEmitter found in Node.js
iOS Structure (iStructure) MVC Framework
Plataforma de entrenamiento de Ajedrez
Pull information about a Code Repository into your PHP application. (Okay, really just Git for now.)
Tools to access NCBI's eutil data in ruby

Utileria para emitir Comprobantes con CBB
Use a desktop or mobile browser to control your mouse pointer and send keystrokes.
Git hosting tools

WordPress plugin using Custom Post Types, Custom Taxonomies and a "mini" custom admin interface. For adding and deleting "Quotes", this NOT the same as WordPress' Quote Post Format

Vim-like keybindings for Kanbanery


Make Wolves attack when you use Projectiles! Works in Mob Arena too!
A Facebook game, on alpha test
Hacker News Google Chrome extension that provides keyboard navigation.
Controle de eventos e atividades do M
A ctypes-based Python interface to PortAudio
Rails Backend for Google Chrome HTTP Status Code Lookup Extension
An Eclipse plugin which provides an environment for writing and building Vala programs
NOTE: Has moved to: https://github.com/amplify91/RAW-Gdx
[experiment] Sinatra-based application for rubyinstaller.org website (WiP)
coscms vote up / down module using jquery
A 2d jump'n'run game which auto-generates its worlds

Build self-contained scripts from a set of files built as CommonJS modules.

store application for karacos

A library supporting an Smalltalk translation of ML-style sum and product types, with Scala-style extractors..
Ruby client for 88pages
Our Server for the Warlords of Hell Runescape Private Server Project Developed by DarkSlayerz (Mostly Server work) and Three Omar (Mostly Client Work) and WTF Ur Zerk for some help and Harlan is getting he's credits aswell.
A browser version of jomMobile for developers
scripts for processing tecan output
Template for a Noir app for Eclipse and Counterclockwise

Faux Data Generation Library
A GUI Application for Linux that show SMS Messages from the SMS Message Backup Android App

A suite of extensions for testng and maven to better integrate testing both in and out of the IDE
Davy Crockett tracks users as they navigate your website

Phenyloketonuria site
a soup to nuts chess engine using jchess
Desktop application for jugchennai.in
Node.js data and content management platform with plugin and component architecture

Kavalan Management System, currently being developed at Wufulab Ltd.
School related work

Python helper classes to access CouchDB
javascript army list editor engine for all ArmyCalc apps to use.
WordPress geotagging plug-in

Code to run the custom Two Photon microscope built by the Functional Optical Imagain Lab at University of Texas (BME dept)
Boilerplate setup for App Engine using Go
Motivated to not be a too damned time consuming activites, I create this framework implementing Microsoft IUI style application. Focused heavily on database desktop application.
\N
universal vim plugins
Quick scaffolding of new .net class libraries and web projects using PowerShell.

Timetraking application
Mozilla: Common BIPostal storage libraries
Sandbox for PHP/Zend application.
Tempi is a dataflow programming C++ library aimed at multimodal sampling.

java based postgis visualisation engine
Theme drupal pour CG - D6

Rdefs is a tiny Ruby script that extracts class, module, method, attribute definitions from a given Ruby source code.
grails application for the storage of a/v metadata

Various tools and configs usable for OpenIndiana mirrors
Groovy program to convert the w3c tracker tool xml to a disposition of comments.
Debian package of MessagePack-RPC C++
A set of utilities for the play! framework
(obsolete, unmaintained) tsung config generator
Java bindings for MEI
Site for tracking Wizard (or any game) scores over time

sblgnt greek data api written in go
A guild-management-system based on WoltLab Community Framework 2.0.
A bot to go through public github repos, apply universal changes like security fixes, and issue a pull request to pull the changes in. Written in Scala.
Vim Configs and Plugins for porting across machines
The helper is a library where a specific function can do in plug and play.
Python API for accessing Aleph library systems
perl script to pair coords from gpx file to an image using the timestamps
Vim config with :boom: and :tada:
Doonan helps you generate CSS presentation code based on json and file inputs.
Javascript time-based events handler
Tools for the role playing games master.
When this grows up, it will be an Android client for Transport for London's bus countdown system.
Used to track library books
A Python library to manipulate Trac tickets programmatically.
Client library to Solum API. See: https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Solum
Convergent Replicated Data Types
Development tool to help with testing the Android activity life cycle
TV notification service. Reimplementation of seriesly without Google's App Engine or Django
Nether is a rails engine for easily adding endless page functionality to paginated content.
HTTP library
Aspose.Slides for Java Examples
A JavaScript Development Tool
An Etherpad based on node.js - Our goal is to make collaborative editing the standard on the web
Turnitin Direct plugin (version 2) for Moodle
protos-sip : SIP test suite to evaluate implementation level security and robustness of Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) implementations
For my undergrad thesis I am building an automatic poet. The idea is to implement an evolutionary algorithm that can construct a poem using fitness functions trained on a text-based corpora.
Scripts to manage VMware ESXi/vCenter
\N
jQuery Mobile MVC Plugin
Haskell tool to automatically bump package versions transitively.
HTTPS Everywhere is a Firefox and Chrome extension that encrypts your communications with many major websites, making your browsing more secure.
Task execution system (general)
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/node3d
A port of Callin' Oates to Python
SE code and viral work
Converts characters from one "encoding" to another using a transformation (think HTML entities, not character encodings)
Emacs.d setting for HTML / CSS / JS programming
A MCollective agent that let you touch files, delete or retrieve a bunch stats about a file

A python script which leverages git to help you organize and archive your openFrameworks projects.
Infiniband tool to map hosts to a physical switchport location
[OBSOLETE] Create your own framework on top of Symfony
A Blend of Javascript MVC and PHP Web Application Building framework 
linset fixed version for kali 2.0
Website source
irclogger for app engine
JCore is a Proof of Concept and the code name of the next PressObjects version
A project for TEDx labs, this source was used to create a Bop-It style game using fruit as touch sensors.
Raytracer for both x86 and CellBE CPU.  Written in C, started in CG2 at RIT.  Classic Whitted scene.
This is a prototype iPhone app that checks you in and out of the Lunatech Office.
Follow users on your BuddyPress site. Similar to Twitter!
YUI module to display images from a Flickr photo set in a carousel
LFSR library for C
Integrates Josh Sullivan's CSS3 Progress Bars into Rails 3.1+ Projects.
The web application for clinics
An open-source Airbrake read client for iOS.
source repository server over ssh
An open-source, cross-platform, 3D graphics and game-development framework using Haxe/Lime

CSS parser and pre-processor supports polyfill of SASS style features and new CSS syntax.
Write haml templates, use both server and clientside (via handlebars.js)
quick-and-dirty android library for OpenDataKit/JavaRosa forms.  Only supports input text and selections so far, but it's a work in progress
Various HTTP helpers to simplify server-side development.
Feedback and usage report repository for UF data set http://www.gbif.org/dataset/832a5f06-f762-11e1-a439-00145eb45e9a.
Sinatra::Mapping extension is a minimal module that is useful for create map names for Sinatra web application.
Go board game in Javascript
Generic tournament based card game server 
Rails-based version of sendmail

Logback encoder which creates JSON for use with Logstash
Solr Client Library
Statistical Machine Translation implementation with Python: especially IBM Model1, 2, and phrase-based machine translation.
common components used in yii framework.
Excite: External Citation processor. Use LaTeX like post-processing to organize your references in a word processing document.
An Android app that will track MyCokeRewards points
Repo for educational labs using a Digilent Nexys 3 FPGA card
a C++ deep learning framework based on cuv, with python bindings
pentest floating repo, based off git submodules), and some useful scripts i wrote
Parser written in python generating Mininet python topologies from Internet Topology Zoo .graphml files.
A code generator written in PHP
A CGI script to manage a directory full of download files sorted by version and types
Some C++ 11 rewrites of useful stuff from TnFOX (http://www.nedprod.com/TnFOX/)
RubyMotion automatically converts NSNull.null instances to nil making it... difficult to store an NSNull instance.  This class and category on NSObject might help!

Adds some enhancements to rdio.
A Sudoku solver written in Scala
a pseudo wiki build wih git and some markdown rendering
RAPT: Ren'Py Android Packaging Tool
tinyproxy - a light-weight HTTP/HTTPS proxy daemon for POSIX operating systems
Courtside: pick up sports app.
Make your sharing widget! Sharrre is a jQuery plugin that allows you to create nice widgets sharing for Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus (with PHP script) and more.
This is a cross-platform, CUDA-based C++ implementation of the framework proposed in our paper "GPU Accelerated Time-of-Flight Super-Resolution for Image-Guided Surgery".
Java IRC framework

Simple-to-use C/C++ library to play PC-98 PMD chiptunes
customizations of Omeka Berlin theme
1-st psd to html on github
Another application for DIY magic mirror
surplus water allocation system created with codeigniter and bootstrap
A set of R scripts for automated horse racing actions
Get to Inbox Zero every day. Draws some graphs to keep you motivated.
Declarative data-binding for React based on MarsDB. Inspired by Relay
LocalStorage storage implementation for MarsDB
LocalForage storage implementation for MarsDB
Docpad Portfolio Site
Easy to use Espresso contributions for UI Testing with Realm components (RealmRecyclerView, etc) 
Enhanced Version of the jQuery Cookie plugin that uses HTML5's localStorage feature and that support chunking of values in multiple cookies to save big size content.
Wrapper script and config files to use neovim+konsole as a normal gui text editor
This is the Git repo of the Docker image for the Debian 4.0 etch i386 (32bit)
sf-ntp extension periodically runs ntpdate program to synchronize the local time on current machine with a set of trusted time servers.
This is an additional module for Stab which lets you use Github-comments on your own hosted copy of Stab.


A unixy microkernel-based OS
Re-creation of the Gliese 876 system
Activity Transitions with RecyclerView list items
An implementation of EuroRails in C#

Android application to help communication via pictures
Android List View which shows Title,No. of Forks and No. of Stars of ur git repo
The dot grid planner builder using react (and devise)
Framework to print data in a text table
A scaffold to allow the quick development of new Janus applications.
helper for tkinter
An API server template written in TypeScript 
Sums up all your steam transactions given the generated HTML of https://store.steampowered.com/account/history/
A level creator for the SideScroller Game
AI agents that are built based on the game Antics, used in the AI class at the University of Portland

Node/JS/Socket - A Fan Project (to be used as a compliment to the Spyfall game, but not endorsed by Alexandr Ushan or the publisher Hobby World)
Website for the software shokunin community
diammond seeking game
Particle Photon microcontroller code for sensing and publishing moisture and temperature data with an analog moisture sensor and a DS18B20 temperature sensor.
Blaze select input component to use with the Inspinia Bootstrap Admin Theme
Operating System Projects MS-2011-12
this plugin will allow you to put bad users in this custom jail. They can never leave until admin permission to unlock them!!
Eorzea Safari is a lightweight hunt tracking overlay for Final Fantasy XIV. It provides data on open elite marks in an easy-to-read display which overlays the game window.
A responsive web app made for mobile devices
cinch plugin allowing play-by-IRC of Coup Rebellion G54
Just some fun particle systems!
Adds you as a selfie to photos you share
PDF File Fixing Tool
Eclipse projects to create the update-site and the generated output
Generic skeleton for turn-based games written using Cinch
websocket helpers for rails, http://maxpleaner.github.io/socket_helpers
Polymer Elements specifically designed for easing implementation and replicating uniform functionality for both web and nativeweb applications.
Zomcure website template
From Youtube: CodeWithChris "How To Make An iPhone App - Multiple Views, MapKit, Subclassing"


An engine that keeps track of concurrent edits on a file
This is a C version of the SCF code found in Appendix B of Modern Quantum Chemistry, An Introduction to Electronic Structure Theory by A. Szabo and N. Ostlund. I have included a built executable "scf_basic_version_1_0" and an output file called "out" whic
A Sweave / LaTeX template for Transportation Research Board Annual Meeting papers
Python Program that will convert a (just about) any CSV file to a QIF file
i made a website i'm a CS now!! 
Hypothetical Digital Business website based around an Augmented Reality software company focused on developing software solutions for the manufacturing industry.
Remote copy of folders/files using socket.io
A Rails plugin to have your Typeform available in seconds.
Plugin for GitBooks that provides analytics (via Clicky) for your documentation.
A todo list using Java servlet as a web application
Generate a podcast RSS feed from files stored in Azure Blob Storage
Website for F2Pictures
Java ILP is a simplified java interface to (mixed) integer linear programming solvers like, e.g., lp_solve, Glpk, SAT4J (0-1 ILP), CPLEX, or Mosek.
Second version of the SAFE Network's Potential Apps Website
LvL 99 Lua scripts backup.
Various scripts and games to use with a Twitch mIRC bot.  The games are designed to work in conjunction with AnkhBot and AnkhBot's point system.
Scheme-to-x86-64 Compiler with Garbage Collection
Scrapes a random set of asset links from opengameart.org.
a sqlite3/mysql/postgres wrapper for c++11.
Text editor in assembly language
A school notice board type thing.
Python program that plays Boggle
Runs a set of tests against an API defined in apidoc to ensure consistency
Walk yourself through various frameworks to make better business tools
A configurable framework for building a geographic "data dashboard" from a GeoJSON file.
Widget for the OCTranspo android application. Consumes OCTranspo web API
MusicBrainz Web Service version2 client library for Perl5
A C++ conversion and quality overhaul of some android tools used with RockChip image files.
Hybrid Mobile App using Visual Studio Tools for Apache Cordova + Kendo UI
A list of recipes to testing your React code
A program made for my school CS class that allows you to build a logic gate circuit and execute it using the console, written in Java.
Unofficial tool for IO-DATA HVL-A2.0
Smart Classroom app for teacher
local-nginx docker container with everything built locally
Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment ( c++ )
Markdown to PDF conversion server on node.js, POST *.md, retrieve *.pdf result
Loopback Admin Component
Log when you work during the day.
A Haskell API to google Sheets 
A python program that implements the Blackjack poker game.
The first level of the Math Game leveraging the proof engine and adding the Front End
Web page for exploring the complete graph on 64 vertices.  This graph has 2016 edges.  Happy New Year
MEAN web-app API for retro games
emacs settings for C, C++, html, node.js, ...
An Android Mobile app produced to work with the MEMI bracelet
Open Source DLP/SLA Host control and slicing application, inspired by projectlayer, using Slic3r for slicing.
A cli-wrapper for Media Player Classic: Home Cinema's remote web interface using Python
TensorFlow scripts for evaluating generalization capacity

Text compression and decompression using huffman algorithm.
ChatWithMe! is a real-time chat application where users can create and join public and private chat rooms to start conversations.
Application Theme
PHP is a popular general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited to web development. Fast, flexible and pragmatic, PHP powers ever..
Barebones Symfony3 framework - a micro framework which can grow into a full framework
Helper provider to assist in general crud functions of a restful controller
Bootstrap web site for NQI
Emulate In-memory storage like database
A Nukkit plugin which adds some useful commands in game like '/sethome'
Test-Driven Development, from the very beginning, with Python (Django app)

GitChecker is an open source tool which aggregates statistics about Github projects
Using PHP to generate a social network web application; MySQL was used in the back-end.
A cart application in Angular


Binary Search Tree JavaScript Implementation

Integrates the SITS Vision student information system with Moodle 2.x
An intuitive, action-based, chainable helper library for Protractor
sketchpad using js and jQuery
A tool for generating dxf files for laser cut cases (Arduino, RaspPi, etc...)

Javascript version of Conway's game of life
GCModeller Virtual Cell System
Sails.js Realtime MVC Framework for Node.js
Source code for "Unsupervised Lexicon Discovery from Acoustic Input ", Lee et al, 2015 TACL
Pandemic game engine
Intel 8080 emulator in C#.  Fully functional with a working Space Invaders arcade.
Mobile code lock
Clearly the most useful Slack bot ever created!
Portfolio site

Parse react source file and generate html or markdown table
Iron worker for web service
EASI Programming Language Source Code
Template Extensions
Modified ghost default theme.
Mac OS Installation Helper is a tool to that can help you install Mac OS to any supported laptops.
Kaggle competition CIFAR-10 - Object Recognition in Images (https://www.kaggle.com/c/cifar-10)
Scan a CSV file and output a Postgres Schema
Environment configuration tools
Various scripts for solving problems in 2D and 3D CG and some other stuff
Himesama is a YhavaScript library for building user interfaces.  Its just like React, except components re-render in response to a single global state (like in redux) rather than states distributed to each component.
jQuery Responsive Drag & Drop Bucket Filtering
LINQ-like functions in JavaScript
Web application for writers, including the ability to share files for review.
PHP library for working with BillPlz API

A repository that contains Minecraft PE's ModPE Scripts, Addons, and more
Redactor plugin for copy formatting of text in editor and applying to another text in editor
Markdown editor with live previewer built in React.js (react-markdown, babel ES6 to react components, webpacker, eslint)

Detect new flash player version
Free Code Camp's Timestamp API Basejump.
REST API for scraped J! Archive data (Jeopardy categories & clues) (node.js)
iOS apps and Android apps, BlackBerry apps with similar functionality.

System made to play the game Street fighter II from the SNES based in a Neural Network Machine Learning
Website screenshot capturer written in Go.
iOS Attributor
FreeCodeCamp Basejumps API projects

a tool to analyze, check and test DHCP services
Erlang Firebird client library.
pipsi-tool is set of helpers for pipsi.
just for fun, "double color balls" lottery game prediction. use perl fast ANN library.
create restfullapi (Web service)
Transform and inject resources into HTML template.
For atom editor, changing cursor color when you pressed key.
Golang client for Alibaba diamond config manage system.

Uses python-requests to connect with GetPocket (http://www.getpocket.com) to retrieve information
Let's Compose React Containers
A C# implementation of Twitter's text processing library
Instantly Encodes/Decodes in and out from base64 as you type.
ios objective-c code snippets and plugin for Xcode
Rapidly develop your API client - based on rapidash

UIVisualEffects Objective-c implementation
Creates tags of MP3 files according to filename.
Node server - frontend framework to create velbus interfaces
Plethora is an open-source PHP framework which gives a set of tools to create web-applications.
The data upload tool for SwitchON, based on the JQuery File Upload and the Flask File Upload tool.
TOSTR() macro for c++
Advisor: Free Lead-Generating Landing Page
Developing PHP MVC webapp
Wordpress  plugin. tally sheet to save daily work
Old school project, for a connect-4 solver and AI.
A Facebook word cloud game 
This minimal Arduino based clock was created to replace our faulty bedroom clock until we purchase a new one :P
Run code from a markdown file, print output to stdout.
Openframeworks app for algorithm testing
Per-page reminder bubble for current Git branch (for Laravel)
Server for storing touch data received from Android devices with touchlogger installed on
A NLP module that reads local files (.txt) from a folder or webpages (.html) from a bookmark file and displays the 20 most popular words, indicating the interests and e-hobbies of the user.

Some kind of depedency injection in python. But with await/async, because I can.
Pyed is the abbreviation of Python Event Driver. It offers user a rapid development for a event system using tcpserver, timer etcd
A koa middleware works as development server for webpack.
Aqua Theme for Bludit
Forge Elements are custom elements for use with development and debugging web and nativeweb applications.
API for mobile application
A library useful to implement BAAS (Backend As A Service) in Java (strongly based on Spring)
A Nominet-compatible EPP client written in C.
Ansible roles to create VPC,EC2,ELB etc
RideSafePk is Android app like uber with WCF web service in visual studio 2013
User & Admin session in PHP
Create an index of (geojson) layers, which can be used in the stand-alone client.
Tailf your haproxy logs in to statsd
Flat-file content management build with and for the Yii2 framework.
This Projects Implements Material Design Navigation Drawer and Toolbar. Add classes to your Project and Enjoy !
Rotating circle spinner for web apps - TinyOwl
Flatten a set of possibly self-intersecting polygons, yielding a set of non-intersecting polygons
Back-up to your Stack storage
Translation module for meteor astronomy
Proxy specific path to another server (like images folder). Made in GO (golang)
Wordpress Theme for BD Guide
A tool to help find the best product by comparing features, price etc...
Java-API which helps programmers to create Kafka Consumer and Kafka producer and Integrate with their apps easily
A Super Mario project developed in C for the university TUHH in Germany
Offline reader for Wikipedia and other Wiki projects
QA over Linked Open Vocabularies
A backup tool for GitHub repositories

New design of Hevicado application
Assembling a subset of nahant vibriophages using pacbio data and comparing it to assemblies created only with illumina data.
hosts updater for android

Routes HTTP Requests to AWS Lambda
A Laravel Application for storing all your contacts
npm install react-native-pageview
Android application
Reads your xbox one gamer tag video rss feed and displays the videos and screenshots onto your website. You can now save images and videos now
Pin entry component for react-native
A Python bot that queries every AppID on the steam store for given passwords the user enters for the Steam Winter Sale 2015/2016 ARG
Google App Invites for React Native

Javascript based web app uses d3 library for representing languages used by user on repositories
Node.js module to manage SSH Configuration files in a sane way.
Create a Unix-like permissions string from an `fs.stat` file or directory `mode`, eg `0777`to `-rwxrwxrwx`

A Google Chrome extension for WorkFlowy to add markdown support and syntax highlighting in notes
BZFlag map development tool
Project tools to classify and sort ebooks
This is the Git repo of the Docker image for the Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid i386 (32bit)

Robot Framework Test Case Editing and Running Development Environment with Web.
Ionic component for collapsible comment threads

Docker orchestration of Debian LEP stack (3-tier).
A helper for organising Our Christian Life And Ministry Meeting
Converting Meteors Todo tutorial to typescript while using react for rendering
Container for udacity project with two android apps.
Source code for the experimental, compact "wee" file compression utility.
Everybody needs to write a string library once in their life
TypeScript Book Repository
A ReactJS application using Flux architecture.
Minimal installer environment for easier C source distribution
Vue BEM Directive - A vue.js directive for automatic BEM class generation when creating components. A very rough example can be found here: https://jsfiddle.net/at1h1z1z/6/
[0.0.1] Detect locale of a document using a glossary

Add a Center To My Position button like available on Google Maps

Cloud Block Storage as a Service
Morra game built for a project in the university
Simplified database module
HTML5 Clock jQuery Plugin
Final content of the system of the group project
Simplified session module
Web-based app to systemacically review your queued tasks in Todoist task manager.
Network embedded Operating System
This software can add event capabilities to an object. And works on any modern browser like Chrome, Webkit, Firefox etc.
Some guy wanted my vesa code, so here it is

Automatically created docker image for php
A JavaScript library to work with weather information and forecasts data provided by Open Weather Map.
A storage application for malt and hops built in Django.
Repo for generating images which fool a trained CNN on MNIST
Android implementation of Conway's Game of Life using AnimatedVectorDrawables
 A Traybar Application for WhatsApp written in C++
Python script to repurpose eml files into specific date ranges for indexing

A helper Android library to extend a Map class to make it multi-key.
Blog system built on Node.JS using LEAF framework for front end design.
Static analysis tools for template languages
Lightweight framework for old-school RPG GUI in web!


Docker compose yml builder API using Symfony 3.0

Creating plugin for converting table from Autocad to text file with extension .arps

A python program to organize cave topography data and create maps
A openwrt build environment using docker

A Sponge plugin that changes the behavior of NPCs
Maven plugin which performs a REST POST request with datafile payload and saves the results to a file

R helper package for creating, manipulating, and visualizing Atlantis input files and data
A Python script to help you write more human readable config files for TextMate
Binds icanboogie/http to ICanBoogie
Web front-end for SOmusic
A MongoDB storage driver for Botkit
cross-platform bin manager; list and empty all your bins!
C Plus Plus Games
http://kdl.cs.umb.edu/w/datasets/craters/
Qoode github-pages website
Frontend Blog Contenido Abierto App
Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Scabbia2 Config Component
Scabbia2 LightStack Component
Scabbia2 Tasks Component
Scabbia2 Formatters Component
Scabbia2 Router Component
Scabbia2 Services Component
Scabbia2 Testing Component
Version bumping without the b

Datatables with Angular module for Norad Framework
Norad Framework Core

OpenScad projects for 3-d printing
Blogging Web App in CodeIgniter (Php Framework)
Some docker images and convenience scripts for g-2 development

A light Weight App for Testing Multiplayer Game Dev Using Lidgren
PenBox - A Penetration Testing Framework - The Tool With All The Tools , The Hacker's Repo
Pinball controller based on TivaC eval. board compatible with the `Mission Pinball` API
Backup scripts using DAR


Be a library hijacker: using LD_PRELOAD for setting safe home-made memcpy
CV3 is an eCommerce platform. This serves to act as an additional resource for personal use. If it helps you, enjoy.



Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Control you Nec LCD monitor from a Unix command line
C++ server, creates a new process for each connecting client
Gossip and PushSum Algorithm implementation in Scala using Akka framework
Tools for playing with php tokens
web-based tool usage timer for maker space. server implemented in flask python web framework. Runs on linux, and PC
A toolbox for (micro)benchmarking of C programs on x86_64.


The Ninja Tracker application created by following Meteor + React
Business Support System - Core Component
This repository contains executable applications created by Changing Places Group, MIT Media Lab.
Web time tracking tool. 
Collection of tree data structures and iterators for each.
A file system is designed using C Language where the sector size is 512 Bytes. It is a CUI where we can create, open and delete a file or directory and read, write and seek from a file.
Google Maps with Rails
Contact list app with ActiveRecord exercise for W3D2 of lighthouselabs.com web development bootcamp
Congressional App Challenge ~2015-2016 (Vikram Sharma, Michael Chen, Sahaj Putcha, Nishant Yadav)
:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component
Data mining using Facebook API
eXeLearning with native saving in standard ePUB files and pure HTML/Javascript interaction templates (iDevices).  Work in progress.
A real time strategy game. Still in early development. Initially created/started by Alex Nordhausen (Namone)
A jQuery/Backbone application in which users can make wolf versions of themselves
Ensure all lines in a CSV contain placeholders for missing columns. Solution for 'missing column' errors when using postgres COPY command
Confluent Stream Data Platform on Single Docker Container

Program which makes a double column list of of NIST vulnerabilities
reproducible pipeline to go along with work for semantic-image-comparison
Shared ESLint config for kubism JavaScript
A website template layout
Free Antpool PHP-API-Client
App for https://github.com/goeuro/dev-test
JavaFX application for managing workers and the work they do
Ever wished to play a MU* from the comfort of your IRC client?  Well now you can!
New Payments Platform repo
Simplified backup tool written in python

Monokai Extended dark syntax theme for Atom editor
Tools for competitive programming: downloader, code template, autotester
A very nice maintenance site!
Ruby gem that will inject the Skeleton library in your project.
The main page of Funsites with all the sites.
Material Design implementation with style guide
Program to maintain a database of your own personal comic collection, with comic details from GCD (comics.org).
Version 1 of MeMe app- creates memes
Webpack Typescript React Testing with Karma
Create your own magazines from bookmarked articles!
weewx extension that POSTs live wx data to remote RESTful endpoint
Docker scripts to create lambdacube development environment
A library for creating light weight web applications.
TodoMVC with server-side rendering
downloads planetmoney episodes from 2013-2015
screenshare chrome extension for tokbox
In this project, I seek to build a machine learning algorithm that can identify Enron employees who might have committed fraud from the Enron financial and email dataset.
Pixi.js template using ES6/2015
Turn 2-Dimensional SVG Paths into 3-Dimensional STL Meshes

A JS, CSS Component for Mini-PopOvers in style of OS X El Capitan.


textlint rule that check spell using SJSJ(Simplified JavaScript Jargon).

Android Launcher App
A utility for building a list of breadcrumbs from chopped URL's.
seiya is a dedicated tool for freelancers/outsourcers.
Maintains a local copy of the eeDomus database
A pie (baked dish) weight guesser application, for the Mohicanen.
Standing / Sitting Timer Electron App
Library module providing some autocompletion functionality
Tone generator for text and hyperlinks.
API for Astronomy Pics of the Day site. Written in Node.js
File-based sensor (motion or contact) for Homebridge
A chemistry canvas game using create.js
Machine for doing OpenStack contributions.  This saves you having to do all the prerequisite stuff on your development machine, so you can just get right to fixing code/docs and submitting.  Some minor tweaking needed to individualize. 
Turbot scraper for http://missions.opencorporates.com/missions/779/
Programming data structures using C plus plus
Docker project for creating teamspeak servers.
Base visual component implementation.

Codes for data analysis, preprocessing, classification and clustering
This folder contains some usefull powershell scripts.
A searchbot that quickly searches stuff for you on the web
New portfolio site going up in Jekyll

Django Project Git
An Opal library for creating view models that use Knockout.js for dynamic HTML DOM updates and event handling.
Fluid dynamics component of Chemical Engineering Design Library (ChEDL)
UofT MSE club website theme. Check out the design at http://mse.skule.ca
Repo for .js roguelike development
An FTC Program...
Comment Parser for Casey Neistat 2015 Giveaway
Royal Blue Wordpress theme
API server for Heath Hybrid App 
Wordpress Theme Freifunk 
University project about linear programming problem using regression analysis 
Java Singleton Pattern approach.
PHP on Apache using Ubuntu Trusty (version 14.04)
Software for syncing notes with LiveSplit using the LiveSplit server component.
Babel plugin to automatically install missing dependencies as you work.
MarsDB storage implementation based on LevelUP
Finds missing tags on EC2 instances and EBS volumes and generates a report on which tags are missing. Allows for multiple AWS accounts to be checked in a single session using IAM roles via STS, and saves state between sessions using DynamoDB.
This project will be an Open ID, .net 5, MVC6, React, Dapper, and Breeze base project.
Apache Qpid Broker with Web Management (Docker image)
In progress multiplayer 2D game and engine.
Python API for ClickSign
iOS app listens for your speech, and suggest you the jokes.
App website for the Family Medicine Study Guide



Generate a docker-compose yaml definition from a running container
Custom chef recipes for spinning up an Ubuntu VM in EC2 with VNC for development on containerized projects from iPad Pro or other thin clients.  Pro tip: Use the Coda iOS app.
A set of scripts we use with Docker and Amazon ECS/ECR to manage things.
5th-class-laravel-3-Happysk created by Classroom for GitHub
Find dates inside text using Python and get back datetime objects
A development version of Pimcore for Docker
This script enables system admins and Linux/Unix users to create cron jobs that run according to the Hijri calendar and can be related to prayer times.
Checking out react
Managana 2.X core classes
The essential files for our site theme, based on the free Wordpress theme "Edin"
Final project of 520 Intro. to AI. Naive Bayesian, Perceptron & Neural Network Classifiers for handwrite digits and faces.
Tweets whenever someone opens their first open source pull request on GitHub
Read-only release history for Test-HasVersion
Password Storage
Tool to graphically resize portraits for Baldur's Gate 2
Reference architecture for a Todo application written in Angular 1
Determines manufacturing date based on cisco serial number
Portfolio Website #2

Flickr photo gallery with ES6, jQuery and promises
Assignment 1 for 520 Intro. to AI. A Star Search

A .NET extension library for akka.configuration that provides the boilerplate code for creating Akka.NET clusters.
Easy configuration setting and getting for Laravel projects ("persistent settings")
Reference architecture for a todo-application built on HTML5/Angular 2/Bootstrap.
Set of programs to organize and display desktop wallpapers.
Automatically updates vim local settings depending on current file path and user-defined build configurations
A Cisco IP phone config generator written in PHP
a3 config manager
Creating an object oriented program to generate Java byte code for any TinyPL program
This repo is useful for iOS developers who wants to animate label on the text field.
GPS Disciplined Oscillator Project (Arduino-based, 10MHz,1MHz,10kHz outputs ) 
Layering implementation of RISC-V instructions over AHB
The Nethunter Linux Root Toolkit is a collection of bash scripts which install Nethunter onto a supported device.

Port of the TheoDORE quantum mechanics package (http://theodore-qc.sourceforge.net/) to Python3
World Database of Protected Areas R client
A quick guessing game I made for a Powershell class at Bellingham Technical College
inputs list of URLs, outputs top word counts on each domain


Designed and coded an interactive shopping list app using jQuery.

A (less) insane academic exercise in game-engine design
Beginner Android Application that makes a text appear when a button is clicked
Node.js bindings for several USB scales (Pitney Bowes, Dymo, etc.)
Kind Website
Balance is an Android app made by MotivFit. Currently under development.
(C#) Application to handle horse show riders, and print reports of the classes
Ableton Live control script for the Korg Microkontrol
Exigo corp wordpress
Lame CRUD app for initiative
Using meteor with react and es6 classes
The landing page for 10 min MTL
Free Game Hosting PHP Script
create your graph and run Dijkstra to get the shortest path between 2 nodes
This is Movie project that you can add  movies to your list with its Title,Score,Description,imdb url and delete movies from your favorite movies list easly
An event-based, realtime javascript backend/client for web applications.
An F# based Fountain Markdown processor that's based on the FSharp.Formatting library.
A skeleton of a react web application.
Work in progress tic-tac-toe game.
a url search based on the Coursera API, by the Johns Hopkins University - MD
Assignment for freecodecamp.org; an api microservice that parses time values and returns formatted ones. http://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/basejump-timestamp-microservice
Borderless browser app for watching Netflix in a floating window above all other apps.
Computer players for a German card game (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skat_(card_game))

Tools for photo collections.

A Flask application using graph database
p2p database for open street map data
Qt application which shows the information about laptop's battery in the system tray.
Web Api
A clean version of our swerve drive code designed to be easily integrated into a new project.
A Todo list with universal JavaScript & Progressive Enhancement
React-Redux-ES6-Webpack version of Book Catalog
A minimalist react starter-kit
Android App for CollegeSpace
Stress consistency snapshot isolation in various relational databases. See also: https://johann.schleier-smith.com/blog/2016/01/06/analyzing-a-read-only-transaction-anomaly-under-snapshot-isolation.html
Java library to add multiple users conversation mecanism to your app.
Command line tools for adana.
A fully automated HTTPS server powered by Nginx, Let's Encrypt and Docker.
a library for matching human-quality input to a list of potential matches using the Levenshtein distance algorithm
Remember that stupid game you used to play on your old Nokia all the time?
Stars and Gripes website
The website for the kingdom life site

Synchronize your home folder files and application configurations easily.
An unofficial random.org api wrapper
Going about your day-to-day business, you might not have realized the things we take advantage of. Well, we did.

A JSX view package where Cerebral is first class citizen
iOS app retrieving up-to-date food related recalls from OpenFDA, a government project.
Git for PHPsychopaths
A Windows 10 PDF reader app. Goals include 1) No options, 2) Touch and mouse friendly
Customized ~/.config/awesome
A helper router for resource-specific express routing
Interactive visualisations of the data available from the Indian government.
Source for aliou.me
node's net api in react-native
A java-based bot API for http://turntable.fm/
A script for fetching administrative zone data based on postal code from OpenNorth's Represent API  
A set of challenges for jump starting your understanding of monads.
Todd's primary github public page repo.
IoT Tower alert we did this last night of 2015!!
A Rails Engine that makes it easy to create shortened URLs for your rails application
Set of tools for initializing and deploying Wordpress sites
a just in time datasource for Mapnik
DEPRECATED: USE MAPBOX.JS
A Downton Abbey-inspired lorem ipsum text generator
HTTP API for BoozeBot

Schema (SQL) and Data (JS) Migrations for node.js (for PostgreSQL and MySQL)
Word Guessing Game developed in Swift for iPhone
Website for OKC.js, an Oklahoma City JavaScript User Group. okcjs.com
Outil de calcul de medecine pour smartphone
Android repo for Steer Clear App
Chris Johnson's HTML project template
Grove is a way for developers to share git repositories directly over HTTP, without needing a central service like GitHub to connect them. Developers can share as many repositories as they like, and don't need to push their changes or branches in order to
An ini parser/serializer in JavaScript
a PHP API for converting online (HTML) timetables into JSON, XML and more. Currently only supports versions of the Untis timetable software.
Major mode for editing Godot Engine GDScript files with Emacs.
App to display and allow downloads from RootzWiki forum OPs
spirit2json is an attempt at a standards-compliant json parser/generator written in C++ using Boost Spirit 2
Helper library for working with VMware from python
[Deprecated] use locomotive cms or similar http://locomotivecms.com
DynaMechs rebuilt with CMake. Original project website: http://sourceforge.net/projects/dynamechs/  (This link has been down for a while, then some unknown guy resurrected it). DynaMechs is orginally developed by Scott McMillan. Current version has been t
proton simulator to generate virtual pCT data sets


Library to simplify remote controller actions invocation.
Page to generate ajax responses with releases for telestrekoza.com
EOS Source Kit Language - A mysterious, but useful C code, for i386 and ARM architectures.
An old iOS application which displays the latest software updates from MacUpdate. Never published - No longer developed nor maintained.
Atmos iOS is an open source project for crowdsourcing user and sensor generated data about the weather on iOS devices.







HTML validator for emacs using flymake and validator.nu


WordPress Chat Room plugin
A plugin for Adobe Lightroom to shrink your JPEGs without losing quality. Features include: Huffman optimization, progressive JPEG and metadata stripping.
The Puuublic project source code (puuublic.com)














A project I made and worked on quite a bit years ago but never sold. Helps make certain IR pen ready forms.
Sublime Text 2/3 Snippets for CakePHP
FEUP: Computer Laboratory - EIC0020 - 2012/2013 - Graphical text & code editor for Minix 1.8 operative system
This is the Checklist app from Ray Wenderlitch's Swift Mega Bundle with my own modifications 
Write HTML with JSON notation.
RESTlet-based client for Netsuite
NB plugin for exercise authors
A cfwheels plugin to make sure your app is always secured with SSL.
Auburn University math department syllabus template
:construction:  work in progress :construction: 
Go package for interacting with The Google Geocoding API.
Flash Game Engine that utilizes the power of Stage3D, the new hardware acceleration for Flash Player 11

Making diploid assembly becomes common practice for genomic study
A Sublime Text 2 plugin that emulates some of Notational Velocity's (or nvAlt's) functionality
A PHP RCON wrapper for controlling BF2 servers
GSM SMS library for C#
A Bunch of Shell Script Tools which seems useful.
Profiler is a software component to easier the investigation of the performance issue. It provides some tools to report the CPU usage and call times of the profiled places.
The core of object recognition, where the development now happens
A web version of the g2system
Chrome extension port of Todo.txt CLI

The Banners module is a url driven way of displaying images on your site
Set expiry dates for users in WordPress
TwEater (short for Twitter Eater) is a tool designed to help you archive long-term Twitter search queries. TwEater supports a variety of backends, from flat files to MySQL databases, and it's easy to plug in your own storage code. TwEater is released unde
Cross-platform game engine written in C++.
Create Vim colorschemes with Ruby
some code for avr/atmega microcontrollers

Kujua Lite is a web based SMS data collection and analytics tool focused on community health care workers in rural environments. We help large health organizations collect and analyze data sent from health care workers using ordinary mobile phones.
Framework for building WSGI apps in which requests and responses are just dictionaries.

Plugin for BigBrotherBot that enforces text file banlists
The official PHP API Client for XMWS
Switcher - A WiFi Open Source Power Switch
Use this application to get Socket.IO support in your Django project and dive into real time web.
A framework for Ruby-based web apps
ip2location library bindings for node.js
:computer: A school project using Google App Engine and Google Maps. :skull:
Throttle function execution based on cpu time used.
Takes a POM, a binary JAR, a sources JAR, an optional javadoc JAR, and generates from them a bundle which can be uploaded to Maven Central.
This repository contains scripts that can be used to control extreme feedback devices for the Jenkins Continuous Integration server
This is a bare Django project that includes a Fabric file, commonly known as a fabfile, to setup an Ubuntu 11.10 server with Django, Nginx, gunicorn and upstart.
BloodBowl like game
Use your own class object to easily load and save configuration settings to App/Web/Custom .config or .xml file.
Parent project for all MyDLP user interfaces
Squid report tool: Generate flexible reports for your squid server in realtime. Written in PHP5
GNU Aspell is an Open Source spell checker
Auxiliary plugin of RealtimeRender for transferring files by Secure Copy (SCP).

GnuPG - GNU Privacy Guard - tool for secure communication and data storage
A script to help cutting releases of your projects in a single step (following some conventions).
Vim Config for C and C++
PHP Framework
Notes and scripts for setting up a Ubuntu backup server
Fast and fuzzy file opener for Bash in Go
Java implementation of a Disk-based LRU cache which specifically targets Android compatibility.
This is the server backend for project ProjectChanged.
An Angry Birds-like programmed in Java as a school project
Messy text mashup scripts made in 2007
Multiplatform, multiplayer card game: 13

Extended SharedPreferences Class for Android
A touchpad indicator extension for gnome-shell
Erlang LSM BTree Storage
Python script to create CDX index files of WARC data

Mucking around with post-commit hooks in Git, in part to integrate with JIRA
This library hopes to provide a helper class to be used by any Java based reporting tool like Jasper/Pentaho

Repository for code of the automated TopTree, TopSkim and Genfastsim production
Python API wrapper around Trello's API
Tuned wakaba imageboard script with fastcgi support
FortiGate automatic backup script.
Search engine optimization for WordPress/MS and BuddyPress
Projector simulation tools for VVVV
Lightweight Ray class and operations for openFrameworks (e.g. hit detection, intersection). For more intense use check bullet physics
HTTPS client implementation for httplib and urllib2 based on PyOpenSSL
Calaos Web App - HTML5 (based on AngularJS) Application for calaos home automation system
Multi-Attribute Sort for Backbone Collection
Monotone (a version control system) Emacs integration
CakePHP2: Deprecated parent controller class that adds a helper _respond() method for ajax requests
a bookmarklet to create passwords easily and securely
C language wrapper for RE2 the regular expressions library from Google
Python code to demonstrate mediac computation ( http://coweb.cc.gatech.edu/mediaComp-teach ) examples.
AwesomeMailer embeds your e-mail CSS inline, allowing you to write e-mail templates without worrying too much about stylesheets
A client-server tool that locks/unlocks TCP/UDP ports on a remote machine.
forked from http://redmine.the.re/git/puppet-rsnapshot.git
Template engine based on the Document Object Model no placeholders!
A concordancer for corpus-based linuistic research.

\N
PHP gallery, sans SQL
MOSS is minimalistic framework, based on currently popular solutions.
Android app with HTML GUI and fingerprint hardware code
Github page
Core52: Rapid development MVC Framework for PHP - Official Repository
Interprocedural Static Analysis Engine for Scala
Api for using config entries (only partially done)
Scaffold Generator for Rails 3.1 and Sencha Extjs 4

ProcessWire module: Automatically archives pages based on a Datetime field.
Another yii application for start development
Node.js module to list all files in a directory or any subdirectories.
DO NOT USE. Riakkit. An ORM for Python Riak for RAD. Similar to mongokit and couchdbkit. This is about to be deprecated by kvkit
A C# .NET example using MongoDb to create and display scary dragons! Uses a repository pattern and business layer to access data in the cloud via MongoLab.
Opensource for all used Algorithm, written in C or CPP language. Have fun.
HAProxy monitor library for node.js
The web backend gateway for pydidit, a todo system flexible enough to fit your style.
A client for the Git Deployer Server
This is a sandbox that you can experiment with anything in
A node.js module for reactive webcrawling
A system to better manage UITableView data source classes, because they can be reusable too! 
Static website for enfocus hosted through ghpages
SendGrid Node.js helper library

node.js tumblr API client (incomplete)

Migrates a b2evolution blog to WordPress
Tiny Ruby library to work with Maven's pom.xml files.

PostgreSQL client application
iOS application deployment helpers
A command line for rolling large and complex sets of dice for RPGs. Not yet implemented, do not use.


A Ruby program that can parse plain text files to generate probability tables and then generate random names using these tables.

command-line interface helper utility for ruby
A trivia site useful for playing certain trivia related board games
php site to monitor alarm events from python-alarm

Some handy tools for GNU/Linux , bash , open environment to make your day to day life easier
Breakout is a free, completely open-source iOS 7 jailbreak.
Bash script to automate Go language tools single user installation or even removal.
The website for the xylophone framework
ffgrep - A grep-like command line tool to search text files in a given directory and (optionally) open a text editor to the matching line.
A custom home page with a search engine and other helpful widgets.
A scratchpad for working on making some of the C++11 STL code from gcc 4.9 transaction-safe
the php extension for smaz
MD5 Encryption implementation using C plus plus
R package to help manage the datasets, models, and processes of behavioral model development.  VERY early in development.
This is a website for Developer recruitement in Vietnam
Python solution to make lines of text in a file a JavaScript array

N-way Set Associative Cache Simulator in C
miniKanren with declarative copy term (copyo)
Make any image into ascii art with jQuery on Crossrider as a cross-platform browser extension
A java client for Diffbot's RESTful API that fills any java class with the appropriate data according to it's fields' names
Complete (in theory...) documentation for Ractive.js
Adds a menu to the WordPress admin bar that consists of helpful webmaster links.
Properly defer your JavaScript files for increased performance
Android library implement drag GridView item to change with animation
A PHP client library for the BigOven API
PoC for canopy style testing framework for winforms/win32 etc using System.Windows.Automation
Mountainvew Christian Reformed website.  Work on v2.0 as a Drupal site.
A Game Template I developed that is similar to games like Mafia Wars. (Not 100% complete)

Fontset file editor for CHIP-8 emulator
Unlimited* cloud storage
Ex8, co-written with Dylan Otto Krider was an open-ended assignment from our Games Programming class using Java and OpenGL


An iOS component for sighting a point using the camera and compass.
A perl web app for a petition signing page. I hope no one is using this. Don't.

Some tools to check iointegrity
Created using Windows Form Application in C#. Program utilizes Color Class to display picture. Common functions are performed, including flip, rotate, invert and resize.
Python client for cryptocurrency exchanges
Background service to collect android application's usage 
Python scripts to design and check primer stats for PCR 
IRC (Internet Relay Chat) daemon written in Java using the Akka actor system
A program for those who love Doraemon
Internationalize is a ruby library for transfering your local Rails (-version > 3.0 ) project to an I18n format.  It will automatically extract hard-coded text from your ERB view file, then choose a proper key and replace them with the I18n.translate meth
implementation of the 4 row game
Access Flickr's API via Jsonp from your browser
Implement text ellipsis effect without CSS(CSS ellipsis only can make one line, but it overcomes limitation) in mobile environment used by jQuery
Github hosted web site
Nim game opponent and solver in Prolog.
A tool for extracting and showing some statistical information about software projects; Based on Git, CLOC and git-score.
Javascripts for theming.toolkit extension

Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in JavaScript
A classic top-down shooter written in C++, inspired by the arcade classic, Space Invaders.
A web app and HTTP client for snapchat.
Distributed graph storage based on Akka and Scala
CiviCRM extension with custom searches for De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension for the specific API wrapper De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension De Goede Woning synchronization with First Noa
Replaces script references with Google CDN ones
The rebirthed, remade version of the original smbx-install-util who got killed by GitHub's shitty merge funtion. RIP
NGS data simulator
Python keylogger
Implemented AWS elastic transcoder service using AWS Java API.
Nodejs module to run c# compiler
API Smith makes building structured API clients even simpler.
Django Navigation App (helper for django-sitetree)
Convert decimal to rational fraction in JS. Freedom code with open source
!WARNING! Application not finished! Realtime chat with moderation mode - moderators can publish only hand-picked messages, which can be useful in Q&A sessions. Node and Angular.
SublimeLinter plugin for php, using phpmd.
A document version control and sharing platform, for projects, challenges.
TwitCasting-rb is a TwitCasting API wrapper in Ruby implements.
An extension methods to simplify javascript.
An alternative solution to replace the getFrameAt method of Android MediaMetadataRetriever. FrameGrabber uses MediaCodec to decode video frame and use OpenGL to convert the video frame as RGB Bitmap. As Android MediaMetadataRetriever does not guarantee to
Wrapper for eBay API. Bundle for Symfony2
Custom dynamic, animated wallpaper for iOS 7.
Android extension for OpenFL for Flurry

Qt5 port of https://gitorious.org/heebo
A Chrome extension that allows you to add a page as an event on Google Calendar or download a file to save it to Outlook or iCal, acting as a reminder to come back
Tool for quickly reviewing lists.
Node.js module to format big uint numbers from a byte array or a Buffer
An IRC bot written in C++
PHP skeleton for doing coding katas (PHPUnit, mockery, phpspec and prophecy)
The PHP script that ran the old Raspberry Pi mirror system that lived at downloads.raspberrypi.org
Hyde source for http://nolat.org
Helper scripts for UltimateFishbot
some pentesting tools (scripts, modules, etc.)
Recursively locks all files in a given SVN directory. (For migrating source code over to git ;))
Open-source Memory game in Javascript.
this is front end project of css3 and html 5
Flickr: Tools for downloading, munging, analyzing Flickr data
Tools for Instagram: API, downloading images, analyzing images, SNA
Modification of WPExplorer's Tetris WP Theme
This is a file server that has an email user interface (EUI).  It uses IMAP and SMTP
A soft 3D engine for the Pebble(R) smart watch
Strip comments from JSON. Lets you use comments in your JSON files!
GnuCash Python helper script to import transactions from QIF text files into GnuCash's own file format
three.js extension for a bad tv postprocessing
Think gnome-keyring but using gpg-agent instead of a buggy daemon. Intended for use OfflineIMAP, mutt, or similar applications
Copy changed blocks from one file to another
A Web page DOM grabber based on Phantom.JS.
Using jQuery to create a set of filters based on 6 Hat thinking and Oblique Strategies
Use yeoman to generate a handlebars helper that can easily be used with Assemble.
Crowdsourced treasure hunts using Google Maps and geolocation
iOS forensics utility
Yield the first async value returned for the co generator library
civicrmfr website theme and modules
A Pebble Application Development Kit for Drupal Websites.
Console tool written in Ruby to export Google Trends data
this repository is upgradtion of rails 3 code to rails 4
HTML-based client application of Qchan.
Grab a list of game prices from a website
Online tool to calculate "easy" matrix operations for studying, checking, ... 
2013 Scala workshop and 2014 Scala workshops (maintained by Robert White) at The University of Manchester
A repo to create simplified GeoJSON regions so we can display map-based visualisations without having to load tiles all over the place.
A Docker Cassandra container
JavaScript Like Object Language Parser - Library to automatically translate JSLOL to C#.
The player for Open Audio. 
nfo files and rename scripts for Chaos Communication Congress recordings so XBMC can add them as a show
Write iOS apps in Javascript! JavaScriptBridge provides the way to write iOS apps with JavaScript. Powered by JavaScriptCore.framework.
Drop@ App
A Free Cross-platform Multi-protocol VPN Software, developed by SoftEther VPN Project at University of Tsukuba, Japan.
recreating a server + client with communication over connection and connectionless.
Decrypt Passwords used in TeraTerm Macro TTL files using function getpassword
A Go client library for todo.txt files (http://todotxt.com)
AngularJS module for working with browser local storage
This includes new methods for colors and enables users to use hex strings to set gradient colors with image or colors
Find all open DNS recursors on your (or other) networks.
Notes, instructions, and scripts for moving sunpig.com from Movable Type to Wordpress
keep vim settings add  shell script
A template for Bash scripts to avoid typing the same code in every script I create
Toolkit for working with CRC32 codes from the command line
Go web micro-framework
Helper for launching applications while reinstall frequently.
Python library for the programmatic generation of markdown text
JSON RPC Server for Bridge Buddy - a Bridge Card Game Helper
Sample application with Angular.js and Node.js
Game launcher that installs the game client by torrenting it. This allows for customization of what is being downloaded while still using a default well seeded torrent.

A tool allowing you to serve resources from your local machine as if they came from the external server.

Math games JavaScript implementations
The no-bs Productivity App
Build your html report with markdown
Utility to convert your libs folder to migrate maven or ivy based dependency management system
Laravel Based Text Classifier using Naive Bayes
River of Life Prayer Guide
Android framework
A Feature Rich set of tools to start you of on your new project.
Yeoman generator to improve and speed up the development workflow of an AngularJS application.
A GPath based implementation to be used in the animation framework on Pebble (SDK2.0+)
Dockerize the nginx development version
Just a copy of the ITU-T STL2009 with a working build chain for (l)unix [make]
R Interface to the Open KVK API
festival, festivalLHP, google doc, spreadsheet
Website created to support a national press advertising campaign in The Irish Times
Netbeans Filetype Support for Property List Files (ASCII Variant)
foaf AddressBook for LDP written with react.js
Module impletementing the atkin and eratosthene sieves

A use of handler and threading to perform a image transition. It's also contains the custom list down view.
An extended version of the scm.go Scheme Lisp interpreter in Go
A script to encode image files as base64 text. 
Puppet Nagios Module for NACS
Quartz listeners that publish events over AMQP. Developed to be used in Clojure projects with Quartzite.
An iOS app created using "iOS Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide"
TrueTime-HSF is an extended version of TrueTime which implements two level hierarchical scheduling. The original TrueTime is developed by department of automatic control at Lund University: http://www3.control.lth.se/truetime/
Protect your gems from prying eyes.
[Deprecated] Row-based multi-tenancy for SQLAlchemy
Fix Position is a jQuery Plugin that fixes an element in place after the screen is scrolled to a certain vertical point.
EID Interface Module for OpenMRS
jQuery plugin for HTML Microdata
Crack HTML-Logins with Bruteforce
C Primitives Library
round progress bar jquery
fluent interface for building web controls in c#
ActiveRecord caching extension
Build a local copy of a Flickr photoset
Remove voicemail from the tapbar of MobilePhone.app of iOS 7 
An iterator-like collection library for doing Bing queries in Scala.
Monitors the OPM Site for changes and changes the color of your Philips Hue Light appropriately.

This is a lightweight client written in Dart monitor coordinates in a Vivaldi system.
RSS reader extension for google chrome
Interface for a server side script to call javascript events/actions
This is a http metrics reporter for kafka using Jetty with the Codahale metrics servlets (http://metrics.codahale.com/manual/servlets/kafka )
helper script to merge dash youtube videos using youtube-dl and MP4Box
I could not find a function for optimizing a function that took a vector input and returned a scalar value in scipy.optimize, so I have attempted to create a class that does this.
Plugin library for the Flow collection.
Skookum School App
Modified version of the Vortex Box Deck that behaves more like an app!
iOS Tweak that thins notification banners down to size!

React-clojure is a clojure wrapper around JSX (JavaScript XML syntax transform recommended for use with React).
Ruby on Rails film app
numbers.js is a client-side javascript library that adds some advanced mathematics functionality to the standard Math library.
Android Girl Scout cookie mom app to help keep track of all the booths/scouts/cookies/cash
Displays logs and Javascript errors in an overlay on top of your site. Useful for mobile webdevelopment. Enabled in 5 seconds
Solar System written on HTML/CSS
A Project to make MySQL data backup using Ruby on Rails
Coding Katas to be used @ Codemash
Crafity HTMl UI elements
A PHP framework for accessing or testing a pump.io server
attempt to create a generic Http mock on browser side
Work to develop a group settings control workflow for University of Alaska System. The code is incomplete and need be completed. But there are some good examples on interaction with google group settings API.
Iteratively Fund Open Source Projects With Bitcoin
A JavaScript based application for University of Alaska Tuition Estimator, with an interface that is built to make the financial decision which part of coming the decision to go to school easy. Compare cost across various study plans and compare it with n
A little web page app showing what to feed ducks.
Remember Pi application. Try to remember. Get told what the next are. Try to go as far as you can! (Don't know how many digits)
Wordpress Plugin allowing for up/down or like voting geared to be flexible enough for any use.
Neo4J Bulk Data Insert Utilities
Open video in a pop-up
Free-D Unity is a open source project that is done for Woodbury University Digital Media Lab.

Tools for managing multiple versions of text files and content transclusion.
Jersey MessageBodyReader/Writer based on Gson
submission to the Library of Congress Legislative XML Data Mapping contest
Java remote process execution library
Better TextMate & SublimeText javascript highlighting with ES6 support
A script to download images from urls in Elastic Seach index, process and reindex the new url
A Vagrant project with Ruby and PostgreSQL
I needed to create an AWS marketplace AMI at work, so the instances needed to get their authorized_keys set from the keypair specified to AWS.
Jakim www.e-solat.gov.my data scraper. Converts it to MySQL database.
Spaced repetition system for Pat
The Andromeda system boot loaders
A tool for extracting a unified language embedded in a .NET assembly.

GiftMe client app for Windows 8
Shell script en Bash para subir archivos(mayormente imagenes) a uploadpie.com desde la linea de comandos.
A really old, bad, incomplete implementation of the Cycle System task management for Android. Only staying around because I'm sentimental.
A reusable set of build and automation scripts to facilitate a best practices based development and release process for managed package development on the Salesforce1 Platform
Reusable app to protect access to project under development.
JavaScript/CoffeeScript implementations of safer stack and queue data structures
A Node.js module for validating and updating Webloc files.
PeerShare is a P2P file sharing website using Javascript, jQuery and PeerJS
Utility for finding repeated blocks of code in javascript file
GraphicsMagick wrapper for node.js
View all the CSP violations!
Work in progress.
C++ Program
A set of client applications for issuing measurements to the RIPE Atlas network
AWS EBS Snapshot Backup Tool for Windows

Wallmart Text Scraper with navigation support. List the products returned by Wallmart.com for a given search query
Python related tools
A tool for deploying web applications using Docker
This framework allows FRC teams using C++ to use the scripting language AngelScript on their robot. It relies on the VxWorks port of AngelScript.
A Pac-Man program created for AP Computer Science
Bowl of Fun App
Post your Google+ Posts to Facebook with PHP
Brushes for IOS App
Tool for updating the GAC of a server from a client
Smashing Node.js: JavaScript Everywhere By Guillermo Rauch - examples implement
DiffBot client written on pure C
A set of SolidWorks macros with UI, for quick creation of some standard primitives.
create a processing element that is active only if consumers of results are subscribed to it
Barman module for Puppet
League of Legends LoLin1 app for Android.  http://linkedin.com/in/jorgediazbenitosoriano
A generic server for use with Derby apps
A client-side wrapper on the bugzilla.mozilla.org REST API.

Go to badges/shields. Especially if you don't know why. (This repo is old.)

Java project I worked on for fun to cheat in the iPhone word game "Ruzzle." To run, run through the main class. Note: it may take a couple seconds for a window to pop up, just be patient :)
Cinch (codename) WordPress developer framework
An open source, survey-based matchmaking program
Implementation of akka-persistence storage plugins for mongodb
A plugin for svg.coffee library adding functionality for patterns

systemd socket activation for PHP FastCGI
Social Golf Site
Apex library for interacting with the Tooling API
Web site for CS 460 at BYU

create deployment timelines - api written in golang
Track every file and folder chang on your computer!
A boilerplate for WordPress custom post types
Creates a .html file with links to all files in a chosen folder

PRESS is a novel framework of trajectory compression in road networks.
RSS attachment downloader written in Go
Library for transforming an RFC-822 (email) stream into a JSON stream.
Sample storage engine for MySQL
jQuery Mobile for Rails 3/4 Asset Pipeline
Legacy library hours module from staff site.
Helper plugin for adding member icon/badges next to username for members.
A tool for polling an audience to see what they know about CC before and after a talk. 
jQuery plugin that allows images to enlarge full size of its container
The abstraction over all cassandra clients (like Hector and Astyanax)

Application Lifecycle Management with Git.
This is web application in which any user can other user to view their posts ..
FoLiA Linguistic Annotation Tool - Flat is a web-based linguistic annotation environment based around the FoLiA format (http://proycon.github.io/folia), a rich XML-based format for linguistic annotation. Flat allows users to view annotated FoLiA documents
BNS Body Classes WordPress Plugin
Development repository for Chef Cookbook for Apple XCode
Expressive testing tools for creating assertions over the NUnit testing framework.
theppl: the successor of the markov thebeast probabilistic programming platform

A way to read RSS feeds using Lua and Corona SDK
A library for adding transformations to Java source code.
A mobile app for sending georeferenced image and voice recordings from an Adroid phone to an email address. For more information, please go to http://sautiyawakulima.net/ojovoz
Multi-timescale backup driver for duplicity
Subtitles Translation Helper

Used as the basis for OSEHRA Forum
Android Recovery
A Harvest app that lets you easily email your timesheet
A fictional site that I use for code samples
Interpreter for statically typed, duck typed language with list style macros
A program that shutdown the phone if nothing is done (screen stays locked) during a time defined by the user
The configuration backup and restore app allows an administrator to take a snapshot (archive file) of all configuration settings of the system, allowing easy restoration in the event data is lost.
Website powered by Javascript, .NET(Fleck and RavenDB) on server, for doing some crazy democracy
C language wrapper for RE2 the regular expressions library from Google
The SIPSorcery project is an experiment into the depths of the Session Initiation Protocol (SIP). The project is a combination of the source code available here on GitHub and a hosted service.
Zend Framework 1 Search Lucene package
A collection of specialized monitors for gollector
A multitouch game for, with and because of Kivy
A LINQPad driver to perform queries againt Azure Table Storage.
An android application which can be used by teachers to take attendance of students , keep track of students , send a message to an absentee etc.,
Google App Engine website monitor based on https://code.google.com/p/cron-tab/
Github pages repo 
\N
delo's github page
Proyecto 3 de Graficas I
A tool managing configuration files across multiple boxen.
Extend, inherit and clone
The website for the new WhatCounts user interface.

clojure interface to interact with (java-)objects in the hibernate ORM
A Scala Swing component that wraps javax.swing.JTree
Real Time Information App for Dublin bus for the Sailfish Operating System on the new Jolla smartphones
Quick and flexible placeholders, created right in browser.    
Repository for the Refresh your Development with NuGet presentation.
runs stuff in parallel (like GNU parallel, but much faster and memory-efficient)
Export your Facebook Page or App Profile
A Django based framework for quickly creating RESTful interfaces to NoSQL and relational databases
Noodly Appendage Coin - Open Source Cryptocurrency

A copy of the mozilla.org PHP site.
Remake of the classic Achtung die Kurve using HTML5 websockets
Provides a PHP Class to access Readmill API
A public- and private-key manipulation tool


NBi is a testing framework (add-on to NUnit) for Microsoft Business Intelligence platform and Data Access. The main goal of this framework is to let users create tests with a declarative approach based on an Xml syntax. By the means of NBi, you don't need
Functions to calculate student growth percentiles and percentile growth projections/trajectories for students using large scale, longitudinal assessment data.  Functions use quantile regression to estimate the conditional density associated with each stud
Seth Ladd's excellent box2d intro migrated to a modular structure with requirejs.
Clase para utilizar la pasarela de pagos redsys, sermepa.
HTTP middleware for Go that facilitates some quick security wins.

System level ROS Tools
A mailSender component
A Yii ActiveRecord behavior to keep a backup of the loaded values for an ActiveRecord instance
Zend Framework 1 Debug package
Zend Framework 1 TimeSync package
Zend Framework 1 Version package
Zend Framework 1 Navigation package
Zend Framework 1 Cloud package
Zend Framework 1 Mail package
Zend Framework 1 Service StrikeIron package
site implementing websockets using tornado and future implementation of mongodb
ZOMG Memes! Realtime! Node.js! Kittehs! memecached is a community meme generator website/app written with Node.js. Meme publishing and consumption is realtime thanks to Now.js.
