Basic structure for a REST client using the Silex microframework to consume the sample https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestServer  For documentation review please go to https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestClient/wiki
Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/mfc_canonical/. Updated daily with svn2git.
This is a fork of Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) from http://www.nrl.navy.mil/itd/ncs/products/core  A description from the project page: "The Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) is a tool for emulating networks on one or more machines. You can con
A very simple Rails 3 sample app using my fork of the Paths of Glory achievement system gem.
simple Calculator Plugin for Siriproxy


The example files for Building Android Apps with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Small web application using xmpp, nodejs and angularjs.
Tutorial at Mozilla Python Meetup
SearchPhp - Pimcore Website Search (fork of official Pimcore plugin http://www.pimcore.org/resources/extensions/detail/SearchPhp)
My current vim setup (.vimrc, .gvimrc and .vim directory)
Test repo for testing gerrit replication
A HTML Remote for Kathrein UFS Receiver
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
A small, lightweight twitter client
The project consists in an Android application that can be used by employees in a restaurant to handle the clients, their orders and can help them easily find free tables or place orders. This is only a demo application, created mainly for proof of proper

An embedded HTTP server for performing queries and gestures
Script to convert Logs from Amazon S3 to CLF
A port of my hlbsp project (rendering BSP v30 files from Halflife and it's mods (expecially CS 1.6)) to JS and WebGL (It's currently a project for school)
Github mirror of "operations/debs/python-phabricator" - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing
Clans/Teams Plugin for Minecraft Bukkit Servers, NOTE: This project has now been split into 2 projects, TeamCraft(basic team structures and commands) https://github.com/Satrosity/TeamCraft and KingdomCraft (addon to TeamCraft, will have area commands, sco
Only for testing purpose
[deprecated] can be replace with v2 of i18next
Simple Maven project of a CodeKata in which you simply wrap a string by inserting line breaks after a certain number of characters (columns).
Documentation of the Guild Wars 2 Archive file (gw2.dat)
Demo of grails-cookie plugin
My dotfiles
Clean Yeti Basic WordPress Theme
Documentation bundled with KISS IDE
Collection of salt state files for use and testing
NOTE: maya2renderer is moved to https://github.com/maya2renderer/maya2renderer
Example of a scalable robotframework test suite, following the example at http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/tools-and-tips/get-test-infected-with-selenium-2/ but using RobotFramework
my presentations as html slides
Kohana 3.2 basic CRUD / scaffold
My config files

My VIM configuration & plugins
This is a test to work on repo configurations
USE THE UPSTREAM GIT REPO INSTEAD http://root.cern.ch/git/root.git or here https://github.com/root-mirror/root. Mirror of CERN's ROOT svn repository, updates are run hourly. master branch is svn trunk. Branch branches/dev is suppossed to be a set of branc
A mirror of the testing series of the KiCad bazaar repository.
List files in directories of S3-hosted websites

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
my vim config files
A 3D first person environment demo

Example code for my Art of Hibernate Optimization talk
Project for for learning github 
Some OBD code for Python. Old and crappy, but putting it here in case I need it again.
A basic "facebook-like" standalone wall (posts, comments, like/unlike) with php/pdo/ldap, html, css and javascript/jquery
Todoist.com backup
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
On-the-fly documentation

Personal Website

my dotfiles




Simple Dependency Injection framework for Ruby

rails project from the odin project


nodejs on AWS, practice project



collection of scripts, etc that I cart around to different machines

Basic repo to get started using clojure in heroku
An Objective-C UIView that will search iTunes for an app and return the basic results.

demo-demo

My personal tech blog
My personal blog
just a simple test


Assorted code from projects from UPenn MEAM 410/510 course
Old repo for my personal portfolio site. No longer updated.
a simple test

testing
My demo

List of coding resources. 
Simple JS, HTML, CSS, PHP and mySQL

(FINISHED) :computer: My first NW.js app. Just for test (I was bored and anxious of learning something new)


Swift implementation of basic container view controller

I wrote my resume in LaTeX based on the one by Alessandro Plasmati <https://www.sharelatex.com/templates/cv-or-resume/professional-cv>.


my first github repository
Swift Conventions and Style Guide
Core library that is used by my other mods

Small Ruby File That Returns Product of User Input While Ignoring Strings and 0s 
Misc. collection of c++ programs illustrating the capabilities of the language.


working through Rust by Example http://rustbyexample.com/

A simple python script that will update your twitter account with Bitcoin, Litecoin or any other Altcoin price.
a small game using pygame
Base WordPress Theme

This is a project created to make web development more simple, I think there are a lot of duplication in web development. If we can abstract the common part as module and next time with some providing configuration file like(XML, YAML etc), we can generat
A simple wrapper for localconfig that allows for reading config from a remote server

Collection of personal coding projects. They may or may not grow into individual projects.
A zelda clone in c# console.
Demo Wordpress 
An open gl test project

This's my first repo on GITHUB
Some tools used in my working life

A repo where I learn, play and experiment new things. Currently: Git and Jasmine and MarionetteJS.
Created new REPO

CO318 network programming 2 course 1st group project ( With Kanchana Gamage )

Tutorial Ruby on Rails Application


My stupidly simple website (powered by sw)
North Hennepin CS1130 Java programming class


/* I decided to start this new year, playing with Java. I will use this class later for a clock component */
My first time learning Git and GitHub with Kendrick
The playground of all things ianpmcintyre.com
This is a  tutorial that shows how to integrate a Twitter API into your app.
linux thread learning and practice project


My Resume/Portfolio

My personal home on the web
some exercises from .js roadtrip on Code School


I am reading "Python for Informatics: Exploring Information"
A working example of using the Facebook iOS and Facebook Android Components with Xamarin Forms
Just my dotfiles
A simple notebook with 1 page 
Ruby coding exercises from Chris Pine's Learn to Program book.
Manny's Magical Master Manager is an aid to manage the small details of DMing for you, so you can focus on the real work. Currently available as a text-based interface, a GUI is planned eventually.
My fairly broken test repo written for a frankensteined xcode-theos weapon of mass destruction
Practice App that builds Cellular Automatons
Just for testing Git
A small Java program that enables you to open a window on your default browser.

HasanOzgan's Personal Web Site

A base starting framework for most projects
A basic implementation of common pathfinding algorithms

A web based solution for managing sport tournaments. 

Test and Examples of Go 
my test project
First repository for Hadoop programming



A collection of Utils that i use in my plugins



just for testing


A small python/flask baised "search answers" project to explore indexing, parsing, retieving open data

new Repository

Like Google Cal


Puppet manifest for setting up new machines
Coursera online course - R Programming
This class can be used to check the validaty of Swedish Person number.


I want to create a small billing system for restaurants as a mini project 
Image processing on AVA database. Creating some new colour features, colour descriptors.
my first project


Basic Space Invaders clone written in Love2D 

Test Project
Sample Repository created to learn Git
Java source following The Cherno's Game Programming tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFYT7Lqt1h8&list=PLlrATfBNZ98eOOCk2fOFg7Qg5yoQfFAdf
This is my first test repo in GIT

Simulated computer from Dietel's "C How to Program"
Learning to crate a repository in github


Based on OneMonthRails tutorial, building a Ruby web app
Personal website and portfolio
AdKiT Basic Version for web development
This is an assignment for Calgary University GSWL
git test for Ubuntu 14.04
Personal Website

GitHub practice
A simple repository to play with git and update how to manage things better.
Ghost Theme
happy school days
TradePlan is an Android App that help active trader to calculate the risk for each trade he is going to take. And for every trade he can monitor and get the latest price update directly on the device.
Problems solved in Topcoder live competitions + practice rooms
Beginner codebase for me to write small, grid-based java games.
Noel is not a Blu-ray disc. Noel is a test runnner of chocolatey packages!
Simple material design menu button based only on css3 animations



I made this project to help my friends and people who want to learn programming.
First repository based on tutorial guide
Netwrok Course Lab1
Simple Hangman Game (Used for Training Courses)
Udacity Git/GitHub training course reflections
First Project
clone of https://code.google.com/p/webiopi

Blog


A collection of my programming projects - 




Sample project testing
my dotfiles




Deal Website

this is a github test repo

practice and learn the Django python web framework
Awesome Space Storage Inventory Management

Python script used in my project ROBOCar which won the "Best Project Award of 2013"at  aDAVitya 13, DAVIET's technical fest.
A python version of simple implementation of matlab. Used for familiarizing with pylab.
Some Python scripts I wrote to learn Python.

test for clone
A SignalR test project. Where AngularJS is in play, which wrap SignalR nicely.

This is a parent project as a library. It's a summary of my Android development experience. It concludes lots of tool classes, such as some classes about SharedPreference, IO, Download, Network and so on. Of course, some custom widgets, like RoundedImageV
My Vim Settings

Basic To Do reminder app for iOS 8
A basic config reader in go

Mine repository for work and tasks
My media files

Server for BMS and Automation
Small Examples that add value to scripts

Python code examples
An HTML game
rails test, just for fun
Generic warehouse for my test/trivial code-base

Coffee Script course
Just testing
My First Repository
A collection of Docker base images
A short Python script to create a template LaTeX, Bibtex and Make file for my university work.
The Ambta MVCEngine is an engine that lets developers build Model, View, Control applications in PHP. The engine is compact and only provides the basic rendering. It is scalable, flexible and easy to use.
Test repository for meteor-velocity issue #223 (https://github.com/meteor-velocity/velocity/issues/223)

Example 3D Scene using OpenGL3
My personal drills and experiments with different programming languages.
The VDBA documentation.
Example gulp project
Small tweaks in Wordpress as mu-plugins

My training journal. All physical activities!
R-programming materials and assignments from the coursera data science specialization
Test how to pull
first git repor test
this is the first git project
RAPID is a set of tools for the alignment, and analysis of genomic regions with small RNA clusters derived from small RNA sequencing data.

Collection of Objective C helpers
My testing repository
Android learning project, trying to create example catalog
Uyghur Language Processing Guide for Developers
A small Perl script to fetch availability stats from Pingdom.
just do it!
Reddit clone in ruby. WIP
This is mu first sample test repository


Basic animation of background images when scrolling vertically down a page
docker repo
Just my experiments with Haskell



A little test mod for minecraft. My first.
The Java code for LeetCode


Python learning

Learning angular with typescript and requirejs based on Dan Wahlin example
test
The .gitignore file we use for our Android projects created with Android Studio.
Project for testing Kundera and CMT JTA

These are two badly written Arduino source code files for my own personal use. One will be reading information from a joystick and transmitting that information by radio (eventually, for now it's just over a wire) to another arduino board which will parse
A first try to a HTML helper for simple tables

Simple wrapper for the jayson library to make rpc calls to the Bitshares client
Simple time measurement and collection utilities in scala

Just another repository
java on centos as docker images
Some tutorials

a school project
Practice - Blog For Stuff

Example of mapping db unicorns to domain unicorns.
Learning to work with Rails engines. An engine made out of the inbox functionality in the MailServer Project.

My first repository
Some drawings for CNC machine I used to enhance my house

my first puppet test
fork of http://www.policyd-weight.org 


check how things work in github


noInfoPath nav module
New to git hub!checking it out!
Game where you can build your ship down to small details.
Scrivere file di Logs

my first PHP learning APP
A small 10 mintue text adventure crafted in python


my first repository

It's a repository for me to understand some basic usage for some programming language

A quick start code & guide for using Spring Boot and build a simple REST API from ground up in few minutes
My first repo

MySQL project from CS class
A small program for our stap project.
Via a sensor,you can test how fast your heat beats,then this app can analyse if you are going to be angry.If you are,there will be a worning.
test sample of pluralsight intro to node.js
My dotfiles

A simple and specific script I wrote that looks at an input text file for Names and Email addresses and builds an output text file using tab delimited columns for Firstname Surname and Email Address fields.



photo's organizer and backup

Node app launcher is a node app to handle the deployment and bootstrapping of your node app.


First game created using Unity

Website Repo


2015 Kidozen demo of a vendors CRM application

A simple goal tracker for personal goals such as numeric (weight, read book and so on), boolean made it or not and more. Written in node.js / express / twitter bootstrap / UI framwork TBD
Small private tools
An example of 2D polygon based projection mapping. This is an interactive program in which the user creates a series of polygons which are then animated.
ISO/IEC 2000 APL Required Character Set

Ansible dev vm build for my projects

Copy of PHP-SRC updated with a fix for read/write timeouts on openssl extension. Branches exist for the latest stable release of 5.5.20 and 5.6.4   I can add additional branches if requested. NOTE: These changes have been merged into the current 5.5, 5.6,

mdust from DFCI Gene Indices Software Tools (not my project; original link: ftp://occams.dfci.harvard.edu/pub/bio/tgi/software/seqclean/)
A simple catchy layout for your online resume
A Project for learning Programming in any language and script, your mothertongue.
a simple application which improves the process of learning e.g. words or dates by heart
my useful config and tools
Working directory of  Physics bachelor students of the University of  Amsterdam following an Astronomy-Astrophysics workshop

Randomly playing around with data science tutorials


Example Exercise Project
This project contains some of the algorithms and protocols of the book "Understanding Cryptography", authors Christof Paar and Jan Pelzl. This is also a part from the course Cryptography at the Faculty of Computer Science and Engineering (FCSE) in Skopje,


This is a repo of my engineer's thesis. All rights belong to Lodz University of Technology. 
Here is my first app I'm working on 

Just a test to be sure everything is set up and working correctly
Test
First Mobile Application
backup timeline


test
Source code for my old personal portfolio website
basic web theme for my profile and noBlackMagic.com
dummy repository
Simple JAX-WS and Spring4 integration example with Maven
Fork of JMDodd's Unified Comment Notifications

Following the Angular/Satellizer/Node/Mongo tutorial on hackhands: https://hackhands.com/building-instagram-clone-angularjs-satellizer-nodejs-mongodb/
opencv with python
Example of round wearables clipping custom notifications
Sample app from Michael Hartl's Ruby On Rails Tutorial

TinyXML fork
Personal dotfiles

A bootable text based challenger version .

First repository i create








Just another repository

My dotfiles



Personal Portfolio Website
A (basic) Polymer based arc layout web-component.
A set of python scripts to convert csv files from various financial institutions to qfx.
 Configurations of various applications (e.g. nginx, memcached, W3TC, etc.) on small vps server powering my wordpress site..
Personal project for managing a variety of my various to do tasks in a single, local database. 
Compilation of school programming projects from 2014 onwards
whyyyy is learning git so hard lol


Simple blog with administration using larvel.
The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Git repository for demo
tornado, bootstrap test
Some basic cryptology functions
A basic Grunt file which can be modified for any project
A small chrome extension to display and keep track of tabs count across all windows.
A small guide to help those looking to hire a developer or designer for iOS work. While tailored for iOS, many questions could be used for Android developers or designers as well. A great self-test if you're looking to keep current or practice for your ow


This app demonstrates the download of songs from a music store, to view images, save and retrieve favourites for a slide show
Classic Arcade Game Clone


tinyxpath fork




Exercises and programs made while learning C


my first jenkins testlink
Improving our QA process from complicated Google Spreadsheets to a simple app.



Randomly generates a language with grammar rules and a small dictionary of words.

learning meteor and getting used to Git
Ruby on Rails Tutorial
setting vpn and secure mail
Survey questions for students in Software Engineering courses to help assign them to teams, by determining what skills they bring to the course.


My github tutorial

My first repository on GitHub
Thiis Repository has useless codes.It's just a uni. project.
Test repository


Testing upload functionality w/ Flask
Web page for STT 2810
karma clone
My personal blog.
projects for this class
A small webapp which zips and returns your multiple file.


Markdown4j-gwt demo



HackerRank Challenges in Java
With inspiration from the widely used replay analysis tool, Sc2gears comes CSGOgears for detailed CS:GO replay analysis.
Yeoman repo for some of my c# templates
Android ListView app example w/ section headers and random count of subitems in sections
This is the code I used to make my avatar. 
Machine Learning Explorations - A list of machine learning resources




Super-Simple jQuery plugin which finds the tallest child in a given container and sets its height on all the other children. 
It's my personal portfolio site for GitHub
Floppy Bird, a sound-activated clone of Flappy Bird
Projet Android 2014-2015


FRC 2015 robototes robot code.


AngularJS Learning and Demo Apps
Learning C++ by reading books (see list in README).

testing out the GitHub pages https://phlorianakos.github.io/hello_world
Test project as an introduction to C++ STL

Hotel reservation system by jango
This package is deprecated in favor of https://github.com/astronomerio/meteor-astronomer
DEPRECATED! USE MDCSS INSTEAD! PHP Styleguide.
Code for the current 2015 Team 2836 Robot

Tutorial for a secured service with apigee, snapci, and heroku.
Testing with My First Repo
Generates sample projects from a Github repository with some added user configuration
SoftUni SPA with AngularJS Course Project
Simple 3.3V power source for Raspberry Pi pheripherials. Power source can be switched on/off using one of Raspberry Pi GPIOs
Material to be distributed for AMath 574, Winter Quarter 2015 at the University of Washington
This simple JS Module previews the uploaded images, before the actual upload of files
Dot files!
Repository for my personal docker containers.

Issues as the course mailing list for announcements
Learning the basics of C




Generates sample projects from a Github repository with some added user configuration


A sample Laravel 5 app.
Projet de stage 2014-2015 (Node.js)
Tutorial from - https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-real-time-scheduling-app-using-angularjs-and-firebase

emacs 23 config
The Odin Project: Javascript/JQuery
C basic helpers

Just a rep-rap-fap test
test repository

Simple ruby script to query OMDB and add years to movie filenames.
A scientific calculator coded in Java. This calculator includes all the basic functions and many other useful operations such as slope, line length, midpoint, median, mode, mean, cubic root, vector, range calculations as well as binary to decimal conversi
My first game


Code + Tutorials on computer science related topics. Hobby while in school studying CS, but may be informative to some...
Tutorial Ruby on Rails

Azure Active Directory Registration Demo
Just a website showcasing my work and examples
data visualization & representation, fordham college at lincoln center, fall 2015.

stats & charts and maybe predictions, just for fun
My personal feedreader for sites that don't provide feeds - V2 for Android 5.0

Team 1793 Robot Source Code for 2015 FRC Competition



Tutorial on custom segues in Swift
Angular directive that allows to navigate between views without adding js code. It just injects a dynamic route to the $routeProvider ng-route module.
a simple drop down container

Personal Website
Just learning for a personal project
Simple todo app made with angular on local storage.
Create a list of Software Engineering topics so that I can divide them among the 4 SE courses that we teach in our Software Development concentration.
exercise from http://codingbat.com/prob/p148972


Repo for Calvin College 2015 Interim course "Learning from Data"
blog
Practice code in java and javascript


A simple rabbit-mq library for doing request/response interaction
Blog
Project Files 
This project simply holds the library files needed during the semester.

A simple twitter app which inculdes the feature of following/follow, tweets 
A small project in PHP development.

<<scr<s>sc<h>ript>alert('a');< / script > 
OWS API (WMS/WFS) benchmark and stress test
A catalog of the books available in the unofficial library at my university that I started.
Clone of the C++ bank app in C#
Winter 2015 session of ART341 at Portland State University

site
Simple file hash digests and file integrity checks
Friendly fork of the GeneralUser GS soundfont. (FluidSynth version)
numerical methods for PDEs final project, Columbia University, fall 2014
Basic system for managing student records
My personal boilerplate for FrontEnd Development
Operating Systems Projects 
A simple shell script for managing your forgettinGTD structure. For details see https://github.com/forget-it/forgettinGTD-cli/wiki

My frist app
Provides A Simple CloudFlare Module For Laravel 5
A small example of getting erlport to connect Python and Elixir
A simple visualization of the Mandelbrot set

Yet another very old project that I want to save from hit.bg 

Conversion app by tutorial from Derek Banas


AutoHotkey libraries for my projects



Fork of JMDodd's Mark My Favorites for Buddypress
Otter convergence implementation in Haskell
Cultural Heritage Wiki Test



The material I covered when learning how to web dev. 
some python i did
Basic HTML using PHP test for Heroku
Dimensions of various RC parts I've used for reference purposes



This is the tutorial from http://developer.getpebble.com/getting-started/watchface-tutorial/part1/

Collection of personal config scripts for development


Simple implementation of Same Game in JavaScript 
Project 2 Front end dev. 
Used to learn IOS programming

A small python app that renders multiple blender files.
A simple example of how one can plot the Lorenz Attractor in Swift on OS X. Not fast and most probably not idiomatic.


A collection of CS/Software Engineering Projects created
BYU ECEn 360 Electromagnetics - Winter 2015
Random applications used for learning purposes
frontend-nanodegree-resume






This project is a demo app for BroadcastReceiver and Notification in Android.

 http://127.0.0.1/iDict/
From my mac to Github public account
Nothing to see here.... just playing around learning node.js, MySQL and Cloud9 IDE




NPM module with code not compliant with strict mode. For tests.
My solutions to the Matasano Crypto Challenges
Open Web Testing Project
BlackJack Game as final project in Intro to Ruby, Lesson 1
New Year Game Jam


A simple historical stock price plotter made with matplotlib library in Python. Can be run from command line.
HTML & CSS class page.
FRC Team 4911's code from the 2014 game Aerial Assist - Go to CompetitonRobot/src/org/usfirst/frc4911/CompetitionRobot for .java files

Small Javascript script simplified
My Little Resume
My personal website

Examples of some "porcelain" git commands implemented with python bindings (pygit2) to the libgit2 library.
My personal config for the Friendly Interactive Shell
Demonstrates a Spring Boot web application with Thymeleaf.
Collection of configuration files git controlled for quick setup and propagation
I should make this into a generator of some kind
A list of mantras of technology companies
learning using GitHub.
A simple bukkit plugin that filters log output with regexes

This is a pretty simple application to scrape google search results and put the result titles in a DataGridView. It also allows saving in Excel
my first repository
A small Node.js script that finds product ingedients
A simple Python parser program for data from analytics.twitter.com
My user page
Connect Four game written with partner during ICS 32 at UC Irvine/Simple Networking in Python
Thinkful data science class

first repository on GitHub
All php assenments
Repository for all the projects made by Project G

This is a simple game I created using JavaScript to test the reaction time of clicking on a shape after it appears on the screen.
A copy of all posts that go on to the site (and drafts).
txt prep app

Supplemental problems written for CSC-161 at Grinnell College
Doomsday algorithm practice
This is my code when i'm on university. I built it to learning Java.

Django 1.7 Hacker News Clone
This sample shows you how to add a DebugSettings flyout into the SettingsPane when running under DEBUG in order to clear application data (local, roaming, temporary, local cache, local settings and roamign setting).
Sample FreeBSD kernel module: hello world
Udacity reflections from Github course
Program for finding palindromes in a specified range in a specified positional numeral system by the radix (from 2 to 36).It was a school homework, done at night Jan 2-3, 2015.
Some Human lang design examples.
Postgresql vagrant configuration for hot standby, backup and cloning


Simple example of a UIPageViewController tutorial screen written in Swift.  

Simple implementation of a crit-bit tree in C
Simple Github release command line tool
Documentation site and example code for using the TwitterOAuth library.


My collection of Ansible roles
2015 FRC robot code for team 2412, the Robototes.


only for my learning this tool.
CS 21b Greeting card project
Hugo generated personal blog, using GulpJS for the build process.

Github mirror of MediaWiki extension SemanticForms - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)

 Learning WebGL Lesson 3 converted from vanilla WebGL to use stack.gl.

My Personal Project
A basic arithmetic calculator, with a backend implemented in PHP
A simple GameBoy / GameBoy Color SDL emulator written as an exercise.
 :school: NMCT BA Project

Practice repository for Udacity course 'How to Use Git and GitHub'

Utilities for Data Manipulation, Disk Caching, Testing
.spec Files for building RHEL RPMs



Browser-based Breakout clone with fast 3d graphics and a unique design
mirror of the official releases
Demonstration of null object pattern for presentation

Dead Simple Prototyping Framework for Java
Version UTF-8 de fab

bolometric corrections (new)

Translation project and CodeCharge Studio IDE.
A simple iOS app that plays a random sound every time the phone is shaken, made as part of an iOS course I took.

A basic functionality clone of instagram that I made during an iOS course I took. Uses parse backend and implements user registration, user authentication, and queries. Includes follower system and user feed system implementation. Also has pop-up alerts, 

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A free software educational application for training elementary school students into basic arithmetic operations
Flash2PHP provide a really simple way of connecting a client app with a server side. 
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Software for testing the blinkbox Books website.
My personal template for develop angular webapp

Copy of wkhtmltopdf-amd64 binary
[DS @ FMI] A custom FileSystem project for the Data Structures course.

simple test library
E-Resort  test project 
collection of handy scripts often used in DB/A activities
My first foray into C++ programming
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/drh-horology
A 3D media timeline using web gl, more of a learning exercise for me.
Basic structure for building HTML sites using Middleman, HAML/SASS, and HTML5 Boilerplate
A mirror of the openssd project
GitHub user page
Simple Java Swing Program for running your HQL and SQL Queries.
Git clone of DeSmuME hosted on SourceForge. Given that no change has been made there since 2015-03-18 this should be up-to-date, but I can't guarantee it :)
Password module used in the auth-client-demo
Authentication library used in the auth-client-demo
 Basic functions for handling mime-types in Erlang, JavaScript, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby, Java
Written in Prolog :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye: Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/poddavki
\N
A list of stupid and useless examples using doctrine2
mattd companion tools
Spring Security and Angular JS:: A tutorial on how to use Spring Security with a single page application with various backend architectures, ranging from a simple single server to an API gateway with OAuth2 authentication.
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/wminet
a university course evaluation system written in Python using Django
We are MOVING to a new repo at https://github.com/octothemes/classic-dark
A disorganized list of tips and tricks.
a personal project
SivaLabs: A project for my personal use.
my blog application source.
A set of experimentation scripts for the WISEBED experiment facilities
A Java helper library I developed to help me in my various personal projects.
some config files in my home directory, like as ".gitconfig", ".bashrc", ".vimrc", etc.
Just my useful scripts
A demo for the GitElephantBundle


An unofficial list of papers accepted to POPL 2013.
DEPRECATED: See scireum/sirius
\N
A fork of 'Basecamp theme' comes from redmine's alternative theme. (sigh)
Demo app showing how the Rails CVE-2013-5664 vulnerability works.

Put my already done scripts here
Simple plugin for opening local files with Phonegap for Android
Experiment building Ember.js apps using RailsAPI
This is my fork, Quark is now at https://github.com/rackerlabs/quark
A small sample application showing two different architectures: multi-layer vs flow-design.
A simple CMS powered by Google Drive (PHP version)
Simple command line tool to log work hours using MongoDB
Image Picker is a simple jQuery plugin that transforms a select element into a more user friendly graphical interface.
collection of small scripts or how-tos that don't fall under a separate project
The backup repository for the Lootsie Website
Collection of useful ruby code snippets
example gem repo
An example of implementation of a Module Pattern of Javascript. Leave some comments or questions.
DEPRECATED Transparency Camp by Sunlight Foundation XXX
A simple async template language similair to dustjs and mustache (ported from c9/kernel)
My effort on competitive programming
Simple bot that performs various actions.
Bundle for the Doctrine OXM project (deprecated) - use https://github.com/doctrine/DoctrineOXMBundle
A simple swing GUI or console app for creating random, balanced groups of students
Mako based template preproccessor to produce html5boilerplate compliant templates, also includes some small asset management functionality.
This repository contains the fonts created by me.
Easier test writing for C/C++
Deprecated: look at sharadmv/quizbowl
Testes com CSS3 para simular no browser algo parecido com o app Flipboard
Simple sinatra site with a script to check if the Bing API is functioning properly
Repository of tests for the Web-based Inquiry Science Environment (WISE)
Simple Samik Console.

[DEPRECATED] Fun, fast, secure web development on top of Clojure/Ring
\N
damn simple config file parser for python
simple ToDo list using node.js and MongoDB
Copy of @thomasdavis / backbonetutorials / modular-backbone-updated example with Twitter's bootstrap
MIUI v4 Russian Translation

MOVED TO https://bitbucket.org/acoustid/musicbrainz-acoustid
(Deprecated) ElggCollection API
Simple distributed fault-tolerant file system
These are some of the set up scripts for my OpenERP cloud
A couple of simple helper classes to help in writing RESTful PHP Libraries.
Swedish translation for the upcoming 2.2 release of Processwire with multi-language support.
Account Control Panel (fork)
A dead-simple CSS framework

Database School Project
create a static HTML copy of a tumblr blog
A fork (from sourceforge svn) of Batuhan Bozkurt's patching interface for SuperCollider
Small TCP benchmarking tool in Go-lang
Example Code for Volume Rendering Tutorial
simple bugtracker on rails
This example codes show you how to add 'do not backup' attribute to your files and directory.
A simple Ruby script to backup the entirety of a GitHub project to a local folder.
Web pages and other files for UW program in Python Programming
Assignments and other work for UW course, Internet Programming in Python
Collection of python scripts to update confluence via the CLI.
Site dos Projetos do Sistema Aula no Git Hub
Presentation on Rails 3 introduction

Add process management to `list-processes'
A simple Ruby DNS server for EventMachine
This is a mirror of monotone repository for Esrap-PEG, generator of Esrap rules from PEG grammars
A small command-line python script that creates a local backup of your Flickr data.  It mirrors images, titles, description, tags, albums and collections.
Very Simple for jQuery Radio Image Select
Create simple editable CMS content blocks in node.js. Wrapper for Create.js CMS framework.
Simple sample of building REST api with JAVA
My .vim
A simple, extensible validation library for PHP with support for filtering and validating any input array along with generating client side validation code.
A MultiWorld/MultiCurrency economy plugin for Craftbukkit * DEPRECATED. Go in http://github.com/greatman/Craftconomy3 *
Small dropin library to translate utf8-strings into offsets in glyph-table.

My own linux config
Some prime extensions I use
\N
Using OpenSim and Second Life open source software as crutches while we write sane replacements.
My VIM files.
my python scripts
\N
incubator of new projects, some concept proves and tests
A collection of useful snippets.
All the standard dotfiles I use

A simple SQL-based queue for Rhino.ServiceBus
a repo to practice some php skills
Testing / demoing various github workflows
Sample repo for testing our options

Georgian TV and Radio streams on your Android
Basic configuration management in Python
test for GitHub practice
"Clone" of the RPG Maker XP Tileset Flag Interface
A small web site that displays a pomodoro timer.

\N

Simple php site base template.
Collection of files I need publicly uploaded.
repo for my dotfiles synchronization
Personal Pages


[DEPRECATED] A simple Android background service that keeps your GPS online for some specified amount of time.
Personal website


ps3 game translation team
A simple facebook library in Go
My attempt to create a mojo extractor based on the scaladoc tool
Personal Web Page
My super interesting dotfiles!
User settings backup
\N
Collection of useful PowerShell scripts that I've written
dot files
A readme file with ideas for future projects to help me learn.
Another template engine for PHP...
A collection of practice exams for Freshman level Computer Science exams at RIT.
This is a `git svn` mirror of the now dead Eternity SVN repository.  For more active development, please see team-eternity/eternity.
A completely barebones theme for Cotonti Siena to provide you something to build on!
Config files for a riced up Arch setup.
This is a code storage of ATF tools learning group.
The Logger is a simple program that I created for logging activity throughout the day in a simple text file.
Modified version of Zend. In the future, this repo should go away and be a fork of Zend.

A collection of handy C# Extension Methods.
Informations about the use are in the wiki
My emacs configuration

Repository to store emacs config files
my personal blog
dp-python
personal place
Vim configuration
overleap.js is a small JavaScript library to add blank space at the bottom of a webpage. With overleap.js, your visitors can scroll/page your website in a more native way.
A small, simple Windows Twitter client built using WPF
to study git  command 
Ruby on Rails demo application
Simple backup utility
Simple implementation of the memory filesystem for the Java 7 NIO Filesystem API
Easy online photo backup and albums.
Jonathan Rascher's resume
A simple directory which contains all of my own snippets
Intro to jQuery presentation
An old-school sample HTML text generator
Personal web site
My *nix Dot Files
the first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Small projects in programming
Extra functionality for Blogger website
An application that helps you to choice the best move in the game of scrabble
A copy of my bash profile for anyone who cares to take a look
python library to manage small sets of vm
Simple script that allows you to put a limit on the number of words in a textarea field
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application

My tumblr theme.
My personal website
Impulse is a small, dynamic object-oriented language that aims to have simple syntax and semantics. It also aims to be lightweight, reflective and open, and easily embeddable.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
My personal blog
A challenge for myself: terminal battleship (like, battleship in a terminal. Not killing battleship.)
mirror of my personal haskell configuration, managed using vcsh and mr
Dummy Repository for testing Git
my music studio config files

Html Guide for the "Chaos macht Schule"-Project in DD, Germany
A collection of weird iOS bugs
vim setting & plugins
Light colorscheme for GUI Vim
My Site
University Work


Emacs epackage extension's Yellow Pages (packages' sources list)
First app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Small helper script for importing MySQL databases.
university project

Very very small website, chooses random urls in an iframe
Tuto ruby
Simple class for time operations
This is a demo for nodejs's mongoose
Demo blog de Ruby on rails
A super simple web app that removes non-ASCII chars from pasted text. Written in Clojure/Noir.
first sample application
Personal Web Site
Repository used to store Python codes.
copy of sources in Test-Driven Javascript Development written by Christian Johansen
A collection of sample projects from Yojimbo Corp blog posts
My dotfiles
Re-code the depot sample from the book Agile web development with Rails
http://www.icdevgroup.org/docs/install.html for Shiloh GNU/Linux
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo app
My dotfiles
A simple java app that gets the most recent exchange rates for TRY from TCMB 
A simple example demonstrating Cucumber-JVM using Java Step Definitions
My First Repo
My collection of aliases and functions
DEPRECATED - Follow Link for New Project
radically simple JS for hide ads from vkontakte.ru
some env and configuration files
The first app for Ruby on Rails tutorial
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample application
Testing forking, versioning with CAD files
Meet Vertexer, a simple 3D grid with which you can place paths in: 3D. Vertexer has vim-like controls and functionality. It also includes a library to generate POV-Ray files.
An example of how you can use domain objects with Vaadin
Sample Rails Tutorial App
RoR Tutorial Sample App
A collection of JavaScript libraries
A collection of Builder pattern related tools
Vim package, including vim config file and plugins
vim files
Just use C..
Research project for University
A rack app to lazily mirror rubygems infrastructure
Demo application
personal blog + website written with flask
Simple traffic simulation with cars behaviours. Languages used: Lua and C (graphics library - Allegro5)
My personal textmate bundle with some nice enhancements
My home on the web
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application
Repository for my progress on Learn Ruby Hard Way book excersises

A configuration set created for users new to FreeSWITCH. It doesn't expose what FreeSWITCH is truly capable of, but I hope new users won't get scared with this configuration set.
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
just a simple paperclip use example with rails3
My .janus dir, containing vim config and plugins in addition to janus vim distro
A simple text-based adventure game. A Practice lisp program.
FastDB is a single PHP navigation script for Fast and Simple MySQL and PostgreSQL databases.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application

Demo application - microblog

A core set of python classes to do time-step simulations
Sample Rails App
collection of php Files used (outside of framework) that I can use in teeny-tiny projects

My ubuntu config settings that I usually use setting up a new vm or machine
Ruby on Rails first application
Agency's first year book
My external brain on zen and git

example of google javascript api
ManageR-plugin (QGIS) fork that includes soRvi-specific GUI goodies
Sample code to learn Objective-C
My CV/Resume and its LaTeX template
Simple site monitor using hookio hooks
Simple perlin noise implementation (1D)
A fork of http://www.devbridge.com/projects/autocomplete/jquery/. Added a callback function after each ajax call completes.

*deprecated* My MacPorts
Economy plugin for tracking market prices and setting server store prices
Collection of JavaScript utilities (scientific)
Mini web app to make icalendar files of course schedules at Queen's University.
A super simple mock for testing new monitoring concepts.
My Dotfiles
Tutorial code (OSX cocoa) for connecting to Remember The Milk, using Grand Central Dispatch

Michael Hertl's rails tutorial
A simple Twitter viewer demo
Converts Gmail to Google Spreadsheets
Fork of TinyRadius - a Java-based Radius server library
PHP Test Test Program
miscellaneous files

API documentation for spinoff
A tool for generating valid HTML sites via the command line. Like a blog, but harder to use.
my dotfiles
Pulling from https://github.com/mapbox/carto/tree/master/build/vim-carto
Projeto de git do custo on-line

POC to test the new Questor JS  architecture
My config files in home dir
Interpreto pentru pseudo-cod (Interpreter for pseudo-code)


basic c memory allocator
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
A collection of simple app examples for iOS 4

New sample application from tutorial book
Sandbox for playing around with the MINE tool.
Efficient Vim
school.hh.ru-java-stdlib translation to Python.

Open science notebook blog
Project / Task management as simple as it can be
Vim command to open a file anywhere on the system with just a few hints
simple bot that connects to a IRC room and save the transcripts to a txt file
Git usage experimenting sandbox 
Sources from the tutorial "create an facebook Tab app"
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample_app
my wsd page
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Rails Demo Project
Google Reader clone with pluggable sharing and favorites
My resume in Latex

Iuid a simple uid generator and storage

repo for london python coding dojo Season 3 Episode 5 (5th Jan 2012)
My dot files.
Demo rails app
Some of my Javascript utility stuffs, written in CoffeeScript.
Notes for the Oracle Certified Java Programmer (OCJP) course (java 6)
Programmatically generate documentation for your Puppet Modules
Repository of demos for testing all manner of scenarios
Practice project for work

Kodak image sensor component with sensor driver, sensor control and basic image processing
Simple Battleship game using C# and WPF
Miscellaneous code test in various languages.
My Git Page
A Small Ruby Image Library
blank rails project with fave gems and settings as a starting point...
The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
learning iOS
Simple project to test PIT Mutation Testing
DEPRECATED since 5.4.2. Nuxeo Platform High Availability
Port curriculums on jwc.hit.edu.cn to Google Calander and other calanders.
Simple example of using the Graph API on the server side with Python for Pluralsight 
My dotfiles

Lenders program for studies
School papers


Programming contest is fun
Modified version of Arclight theme for MythTV
Blur content on the page to quickly gauge proximity and alignment

Contains javascript file to be included in your webpage where dynamic element is being created. It has a function which does it all.
A simple web server writing in javascript using the node wrapper for V8 engine 

The Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
A Rails Tutorial demo app (using Scaffolding) 
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Simple example of using the Graph API on the server side with PHP for Pluralsight
Ruby on Rails Sample Application
test repository
Ruby on Rails tutorial first application
Git mirror of Voce voice interaction library, with my improvements (link goes to upstream)
Blocks of Maven dependencies, for quickly adding dependencies to projects
Ruby on Rails tutorial Demo Application
Nginx config files for Dahnielson.com

 BXR is an open source, ruby on rails file management system.
An Implementation for a simple educational system using java, intended to contain all major concepts and techniques in the language. This is originally a homework for third year students in Damascus University.
My own xbmc repository
A bejeweled clone with an AI to play it
Rails Tutorial Sample App Second Try
My first github app
simple programming language written in Java
Redmine theme for ALMinium
Test app RoR Tutorial
A simple algebraic computation system written in F#.
Zelda clone
general area for new code
A skeleton rails app with basic user authentication and pages
A pong clone written in C++ using OpenGL
Code. Creating backup and version controlling it across branches. Pushing to work across machines. 
Learning to code Python the hard way examples. Allowing me to practice from work or home. =)
just a test sample

Main documentation for Participant Scheduling System
Ruby on Rails Tutorials sample application


Simple Restlike app that exposes lucene text analysis and tokenisers
Collection of userscripts 
MIUI v4 Ukraine Translation
sitepoint mobile book tutorial in rails
Fork to bring patches to utidylib project that has been inactive for 7 years
Sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Open source javascript & wordpress plugin
This is a tutorial for beginners learning CoffeeScript.
The source code of my personal page
Yet another implementation of a notify system in Mootools
My emacs config.
Attempt to create simple android application for taking picture of 3d object
My collection of 'dotfiles'
Testing for different HTTP push technologies
A clojure port of the regular expression matcher designed by Rob Pike and described by Brian Kernighan in the book "Beautiful Code".
Just a sandbox of random cruft while I learn git
Battlegrounds for mozilla.com work (mirror of http://svn.mozilla.org/projects/mozilla.com/)
My blog
Documentation for the Grid'5000 API
repository progetti android
A simple NER component that uses prefix-tree to build the recognition dictionary.
simple script to generate an ical/ics file of road cyling events in 2012 

config files
private stuff for test, temp storage
My VIM dot files
My dotfiles
Some of those CLI Tools
Collection of shell scripts to provide extra nifty features for client side subversion usage.
Keeps dot files under version control
My Site@GitHub
Fit reinforcement learning models to behavioral data
Ruby on Rials Tutorial Demo Application
My dotfiles

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
My personnal .dotfiles and other config stuff.
My university project on a GPS iphone application
\N

Backup documents stored on www.e-boks.dk
Simple classes, scripts and functions that I write for Scala
node.js client for st9
personal twit backup website
Unofficial mirror of the official ffmpegsource repository.
my dot files
Large file storage with Git
Rails tutorial project

Fork of http://www.technipelago.se/content/technipelago/blog/44
fork of master branch from git://slackbuilds.org/slackbuilds.git (read more on wiki). If you want to fork do it only with master (the other branches are temporary and are always rebased on master). alternative interface http://cgit.ponce.cc/slackbuilds/
A Composer-compatible packages.json file for SimpleSAMLphp along with a stupid simple PHP script that generates the file.
Some commonly used utilities for scala.
A collection of short programs that demonstrate some basic functionality
A simple chess game. I built this mostly to get familiar with the D3 graphics library. A demo is online at jake-chess.herokuapp.com
Bootstrap (Initializr version) with basic PHP view routing.
Simple Sublime Text 2 / GitX integration plugin
Modelling flat mechanisms (java version)
A simple 404 page that uses the URI as input to generate a 404 message.
Libraries for Qpid C++ client applications
set of scripts to install development software on to a vanilla Ubuntu installation
just a simple blog with translations for the django-cms

Mentees will fork this repository and submit pull requests when they need help.
Unofficial Git mirror of @ianawhois
Github mirror of MediaWiki extension CategorySortHeaders - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)

Personal blog of @HarveyKandola powered by Jekyll
A collection of config files I'd like to keep in sync
Polyfills forEach for ES6 Map and Set
This repo has moved to https://github.com/projectbismark/bismark-packages
My dotfiles et al
Jekyll source for my personal blog
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Just for messing around and learning
Bootstrapped WordPress Theme
Defines of the java-api-complete.vim for servlet 2.3
my scripts
A small collection of utility classes for Java.
TurtleBot Documentation for ROS Groovy
Github decoration. Just for fun
Allows content to be submitted using Markdown, a simple plain-text syntax that is transformed into valid HTML. http://drupal.org/project/markdown

My notes and code backup chrome web application

Gnuplotting wordpress theme

A small collaboration with users of http://codegolf.stackexchange.com.

Personal Vim plugin extension
Using Response Interceptors to Show and Hide a Loading Widget

A demo app created in 2008 on the Android 1.x SDK to test/demonstrate the built-in accelerometer in a T-Mobile G1 phone. Detects when the phone is dropped and plays an "ahhhh" scream sound. When free-fall stops, it plays a "phew" sound. Should work on lat
html file
Directory structure and template files for starting a new WordPress theme or child theme.
Front-end Web Development Project 2: Online Resume
My vim configuration.
Fork of pydot r29 from pydot.googlecode.com, to fix requirements in pydot 1.0.28


Front-end Web Development Nanodegree Project 4: Performance fixes
My dot files
Project 3: Classic Arcade Game clone
The fastest way to access your Xecrets
PHP and web development blog.
An example of how to use your finger to blur some parts of an UIImage





A set of scripts that will rapidly deploy Ubuntu servers / desktops to my personal liking
Websocket example for file uploading




test

Google App Engine Buildout Demo
My personal website
my first repository
Small library to copy images from a remove host to local mashine.
Personal Website

Assignment 4 for Coursera Full Stack Web Development - AngularJS
This is my client research.
This is my API plans research.
This is my API partner research.

A simple synthetic transaction (site login) traffic simulator written in Visual Basic


This is a required repository for the Launch School curriculum. It is intended to be a repo to store your solutions to chapter exercises to show the TA's during assessments.

Files used in atom video
practicing git of codeschoool
Sample C++ application that demonstrates list vs vector.
A curated list of questions for developers, engineers and IT professionals to ask while being interviewed.
The Odin Project practice: http://www.theodinproject.com/ruby-programming/data-structures-and-algorithms?ref=lnav

Documentation sur AVR_Atmel (Wiring/arduino)
Personal website.
Set of resources for Sketch
This is a test to check the CD setting in Azure from GitHub

Python Sphinx Read The Docs Theme
CPT375 CakePHP Assignment 2015
A simple demo repository to show the basic git workflow
Data Science Coursera Repository
My resume
A Project From Things Learned From Chrome Dev Summit 2015





Small applet for rotating the screen on Unity Desktop
Yu Research Group Website
Sources for Docker images
A simple and effective README.md template for all your github projects.
Ansible Playbooks for packaging software and uploading to my packagecloud.io tools repo
This is a data repository containing historical share tables which cover trading in all main board Australian Stock Exchange stocks.
A simple javascript router written in pure javascript and prototypes
An example of using the Embeddable Search Engine to index and search PDFs

Full Hearts Implementation

This repo contains an iPython notebook which generates PDF pages of small labels for pinned insect specimens from data stored in an iNaturalist project.
A repository created following the tutorial: https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/
Demo for the <ng2-markdown> component




this is my attempt to redesign the existing homepage for placesbrands dot com and make it responsive



I am terrible at puzzles and terrible at code. But together, I am strangely engaged
just another repository
Sample plugin
Cs229 and CS221 project, Stanford, 2015

A blog where I explore installing linux on a 512MB G4 mac mini.
my first git-hub hello-world
Yet another react components pack
minimal example for babel-plugin-webpack-loaders
A ruby linked list implementation

Exercises from "The Go Programming Language"
First project in GitHub
An Arduino library for creating simple sequences.

This series will be to practice creating HTML web pages incorporating CSS
(prime group jq 01) jQuery assignment, building a fruit market. (Worked with John, Sam, and Ashley)

open source

A translation of Apple's sample code PocketCoreImage into Swift
Fork feed
Dotfiles to be managed by stow.
programming problems/contests code
It is created for the purpose of testing. Reference to the OpenCV 3.0 is added. 


This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.



First app we built for iOS course on Udemy
Rails 4 in Action project
A simple chat room application using socket
A simple chrome extension to log the time spent on each webpage.

random tidbits as i work through perl6intro's syntax & features intro
copy paste to new comps for env on terminal sheel


Part of The Odin Project. The "Building Blocks Project" in the "Basic Ruby" section of "Ruby Programming."  
For my E-Commerce Web Development Projects
For practice, I created this subscription-based Ruby on Rails web application utilizing ecommerce and software as a service models.
This is a test repo
sample angular app

A clone of the popular mobile game Flappy Bird, using libGDX framework.
Multipart resume site

My experiments with Twilio's Voice, Client, SMS and Connect APIs.
following the git hub demo on udemy
ContentProvider sample

practice repository



Example Rails app for socket_helpers gem. Running at http://socket_helpers_example.herokuapp.com

A personal website.
my dotfiles
This is my blog
"Fork me on GitHub" CSS ribbon Assets for Yii Framework 2.



code turorial for meteor
Documentation repo for Zhibaihe packages.

Miscellaneous personal and academic projects. Multiple languages.
Implementation of a basic Java Chat using Java IO.
A script made up of the work of several different minds used to read a .csv file to SSH into Cisco IOS devices and tftp their configs to a remote server. Requires PyCrypto, Paramiko, and Python 3. With some small modifications can be used to fully automat
thinking around your job offer at a tech company

Algorithm work
2016-1-2, token will expire 120 months, fetch-youbike-to-firebase

This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.
Test / Learn React Redux trying to implement a game.
A terminal session with the host running SPJS. As of version 1.87 of SPJS you can send/receive basic terminal commands to host operating system. This widget is a front-end UI for the terminal from ChiliPeppr.
My own personal landing page
Example using Chef to Setup a Website

Simple Delphi IDE Tool to convert list of fields to properties via clipboard
A sample app to get started with angular

DIV,CSS,JavaScript
My first attempt at React Native. A simple guessing game using the Etsy API.
Portfolio website.
practice for push
A work in proggress of a repo that allows you to share code and store it in a very user friendly place.
Testing
profile and dot files for linux

A fork of https://github.com/agoldst/tex adding support for the modern beamer theme (https://github.com/matze/mtheme)
Setup with Express and React in ES6 with webpack and nodemon with basic Login and Database


Developer documentation for Integratingfactor.com
mnkartik personal blogging website
A simple and easy demonstration for using PHP with MySQL over localhost. This project ReportCard Tool performs the insertion, Deletion, Updation, Searching over MySQL database with help of interface provided by html and PHP.  

simple application for sending info requests
One-liners for use with Rackspace Private Cloud

My first web app
Repo for a swift project I'm experimenting with

Java Projects
practice code everyday
Demo App made for National Bank of Egypt (NBE) to reserve a ticket before going to it's branch
To Do List example in Swift language

source code for my personal blog
terrible fork of DanMcInerney/wifijammer
Simple Authoritative Server Examples for Unity
A translation of Apple's sample code HeadsUpUI into Swift
A trial during my ios course 

Learning Go Web Development - Examples and Datasets

A small project to rewrite a series of exercises written in Arduino C to ansi C for the AVR

new start




LLVM learning.
personal solutions for Advent Of Code 2015



My DBC Phase 0 github pages site!
Demo app rendering react on the server
My first project on Github
first rails app for udemy course


Google Breakpad fork for Unvanquished with jon.turney's MinGW support patches.
For proposed Node.js Testing Working Group. Hopefully can be moved to nodejs org before too long...

Normal the rasppi setting and config 

My first rep on github! Yay :)


This is my first repository
Joomla Framework Testing
This is my first repository.
hare u can get all the project file of php tutorials series in hindi
Download Samples from wild just by providing md5 hash
Collection of fractal generation algorithms
Is there any open source project to do? call me!
vue.js gulp webpack demo
DNS records for my TinyDNS/DJBDNS nameservers

Very basic encryption program written in java.

A typescript clone of the brauhaus.js brewing library
:octocat:This a personal blogs powered by GitHub which is the freest place to share views and make notes for any programmer!
small operating
my first GITHUB Web Application
SWIFT Repository

Just another repository
A simple but ultra fast wordpress cache plugin.
A simple todo list application working via command line interface
php simple login without database
Code from books
Small useful scripts to not lose them
Practical Example for Vulnerable Web Application
Some documentation for modding Duck Game.
material reddit clone
Just another repository
A test application for a 2D modular character creator subsystem for 2D games!
A simple and static hashtable library in c

Yii Code


First github repository
New Repo
Contains example code for the edX Advanced XAML course

Online backup datastore of all my programs. Feel free to rummage through :)
Will run all test files (minitest) in a test folder if run from directory root
Solving Advent of Code 2015 in Ruby

Arthritis symptoms a person's head low for a bit afterwards because a man.  Arthritis diet, but it can potentially hire someone who did care.  Treatment for arthritis like a ship manned by barrel cutthroat buccaneers.  http://primearthritis.xyz selected a
Programs and Related Files

Solution to hackerrank programming questions -> PHP
A basic site layout with the Susy engine
Ansible playbook for setting up a Linux dev machine for web development
Simple Node.js application with Redis as data store to demonstate docker hosting with sloppy.io
Simple voting app created as part of FreeCodeCamp course.
Vagrant Lamp stack for project work
A responsive resume


Fork of 1pass (1Password-compatible password management tool) by Ryan C. Gordon


This is my first program in github
tutorial

In this repository have only html and css files for login, sign up and a Chating Form..
Demo of using threadpools to improve performance on Android
Basic Numeric Operations and Functions for Swift (Based on Accelerate Framework)
A Plex Media Server docker image.
my first repository on github
Simple SPA example with Rails+Redux+React+Router+Webpack

GitHub test
this is a template generator that can manage inheritance of necessary redundancy in your code/document/anyotherText
what is new in Bootstrap $
Dotfiles

Just Uporoted Production
Simple Console Rogue-Like for personal interest
The solution for an assignment in course - "Timekla tehnologijas 2"
A simple logging utility for Node.js


My Authentication project



mobile programming
This is my blog of hexo's version
Codes for my tests about Kaggle "Digit Recognizer" https://www.kaggle.com/c/digit-recognizer

Basic




Github mirror of "mediawiki/extensions/SpellingDictionary" - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)
C# Style Guide



list of project to do.


To use in the course for learning Android
The simple but versatile Text Reader for UWP
SkyWarp in PE server
My own self blog and content for your Data Analytics Learning

A simple repository

Basic library book reservation system.

Some things about learning Chrome Extensions.
spring-security-with-boot-example

Simple, flexible rich text rendering/editing on HTML Canvas. Converted to TypeScript.


Sample Django project using Visual Studio 2015 and Google App Engine SDK





Python scripts from the 'Raspberry Pi Cookbook for Python Programmers' Tim Cox (2014)
this is just for test
Easily Create Simple Gui Screens (Currently using tkinter)
The Mean CRM as a demo app
Udacity Android Developer Project 1+2 (Popular Movies)
Early projects for Storytime Interactive.


Simple socket.io application
Remote repo to help me test out my Github skills


A Sample of GitHub used for storing Student work
Direct Manipulation Project implemented in java
A blog-building tutorial from "The Complete Ruby on Rails Developer Course Udemy"
This is a new seas project app created during Ruby on Rails course
Zheng's blog created by Hexo
A simple Resume Template
Here I will commit c++ coding practice things

the first repository




Complete source for http://www.raywenderlich.com/74106/mvvm-tutorial-with-reactivecocoa-part-1
React Sample Apps
Test for issue https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-config/issues/314.
Detecting communities in Facebook ego-networks - Project for the "Statistical Analysis of Network Data" course by Eric Kolaczyk at ENSAE ParisTech (visiting professor from Boston University)
Trying to learn some basic Python
Simple App using Flux Architecture and React (ES5)
Simple java program to illustrate Monty Hall problem

A small utility to add battery status and git status in zsh prompt

My Resume
A simple event system for Minecraft Client
My current vim config
My arduino's projects


a exercise of ftp server and client program
C programming
My own shell theme, crafted with :heart:
some algorithms for solving math problems in https://projecteuler.net/
This repository contains all the assignments and test code of AngularJS.





Basic algorithms written in C#.

Small script that allows you to download movies from the ard mediathek based on the video url
nothing at all
My First Project
This is clone of the Tinder app with basic functionality, using Parse and Facebook SDK.

A twitter clone with beer
demo for angular js


Simple guide explaining how to generate a h.248/megaco parser
Some of my sample code for Spark
Python Pipe extensions for Machine Learning
my ipython notebooks
A simple Java app to keep all places you visit I made when I started to learn to code for Android and I have refactored with Eclipse refactoring tools.
for my practice


Projects done in order to learn HTML&CSS
A few sample bots and scrapers. 
just the demo code with the 32C3 logo
A simple CMS for study purpose only
demo for chat
Docker Nginx Test.
Github-Repo for my personal website
Collection of useful code snippets in various languages, feel free to use or extend :)


Learn python, sample, book
Simple rest client python class


My profile website.


mathlogic course homework


My dotfiles
this is sample project about WebAudioAPI and three.js

My Cucumber Selenium example


Simple app (15KB) to launch Storage Settings directly from the apps drawer




Learning book "The Python Standard Library by Example"
First repository on github


Studying web-server
CSC253 "Computer Graphics" Course Project.... Using GLFW GLEW

Learning Git-Hub
It's an simple demo of ray tracing from the book<Fundamentals of Computer Graphics> of Peter Shirley using c++.
Small tools writed by myself
boostrap 3 template
php

A hello world example for pygame. The game displays a box that can be moved around with arrow keys.

Java project template
Personal technical blog
Open source and properly licensed code for the Digilent Nexys 4 DDR peripherals
Blog

Repository for a project implementing the SIP stack for online communications. Being the 3rd laboratory project for course M7021E at the Lulea University of Technology, Sweden

A very small game engine I have been tinkering with

Test repo for hook development 
Testing

Playground: Testing Parse.com workflow

The repository contains recipes I like to share with my friend

Srushtiloka Website

A set of scripts that I maintain and use on my systems.  You mgiht find them useful too.
My first repository on GitHub.
placement task for android dev course 


This is a bunch of code and data files from attempts to connect a microcontroller to the motor controller of a Jazzy electric wheelchair. NONE OF IT WORKED.

A simple Bash shell script that merges a branch with the master and develop branches.
For Udacity "How to Use Git and GitHub" class

first repository
This is my git hub demo
steam backup covers
Une demo de git

testing VNC
practice with peer programming. (Worked with Ben)

List of tech books I've read
vm,Cloud,storage
Take notes while learning about web design and IT


Scripts and source-code examples for different tools to work with Unity Engine games
origin backup covers
Coursera - Exploratory Data Analysis - Course Project 2

A simple ecommerce website created with PHP and Python. Currently under Development

My First Game - A work in progress.
my-vim setting

A simple C# application to verify who unfollowed you. Learning purpose only.

School
Just a small unity project with no real purpose but testing stuff

This is the main project for the Ruby on Rails course
Google App Engine and Spring MVC example project

learning github
takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website

Code to run my wordclock










Private school project/assignment




An instant messaging app created in Meteor for a Coursera course.

Examples of redux usage and patterns from the egghead.io course 
My First Rails App
My version of the Javascript Chess Engine, created from watching video series provided by http://www.bluefever.net/Chess/index.html

This is the demo of isomorphic webapp using React + NodeJS
Modules with diferent purposes for android projects.
Band(e.g. a cappella)'s practice feedback system
Example Scala programs demonstrating the use of different monads to query and work with the github api.
My personal website

Playground repo for iOS Stanford course
rails blogger app based on tutorial at tutorials.jumpstartlab.com
my C++ library
All the small (may be non userful ;-) ) automating scripts or programs that I made.

Personal Blog
View of a dynamic number of HTML elements


repo for demo in SP


Android app made for course DAVE3600 @ HiOA (2015)

Web object inspector used to automate testing software with Selenium 
The purpose of this program is to demonstrate the functionality of (LRU) cache memory.

Simple vanilla JS script to simulate text typewriting effect.
Just a test on some 4D using OpenGL.
hello world git!!
Checkpoint 18 Address Bloc: Basic Ruby App
My first repository
Grails sample REST API for cube and its contents
gci task: https://codein.withgoogle.com/dashboard/task-instances/6501030917308416/?sp-page=1

Just testing

mobile app repo
This repo contains the information for a new fresher training


This is a simple Normal distribution representation build in Angula, d3.js and simple statistic.



Irish School transitions as Sankey Diagrams
Short example of attempt to animate a hive plot that I haven't been able to make work.
Files for the REACH High Spring 2016 course: Intro to Web Design Using Bootstrap
A sample repo for use in creating new storage modules for Botkit
Scripts for building a basic Linux system, based on Linux From Scratch http://www.linuxfromscratch.org/

An example of using emacs org mode (babel/tangle) to set up a docker shell session and generate/run an image.
resume repository

Because origin Hacker News website is so ugly, so I gonna spend my weekends build another web client using React + Redux + Webpack + Material UI just for fun.
the  tutorial to learn c programming language.

dotfiles

a web app demo for VIO

Test 1, 2, 3
just a start
Notes for 'RxJS - Javascript library for functional reactive programming' book ( http://xgrommx.github.io/rx-book/ )
This repository is created just to understand how a repository is to be created in GitHub.
A sample project to learn angular js

A description of my goals for 2016
The GetHub Hello World Tutorial

Fullforms is a simple RESTful API which will give you access to lots of fullforms and meanings of shortforms via simple http request.

Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Stanford University @ Coursera

Trialing various git commands and procedures.
A dumping ground for old projects I wrote for my undergrad at The University of Pittsburgh. Nostalgia, youth, poor variable naming. It's all here.

Inspecter allows you to test you code easily and without boilerplates code

My website generated html deployed on 
A simple balloon popper game for toddlers built using the concepts explained in "Mastering Android Game Development"
This repository is about to practice programs from HackerRank.

Typicode Fetcher. A tiny project for FOSSASIA/Google Code-In 2015.
Git and GitHub tutorial repository from Udacity
First github repository
A simple visualizer of the "rippling" effect in Whuffie



force layout example with some helpful tricks to note...  try looking at gists for example, git wont serve png,
This is a latex template of my academic CV.

Programs created during first year at University of Maryland

Swift 2 implementation of the Stanford iOS course's graphing calculator assignment



SPS Test


for testing
app for testing 
My /etc dir backup
Online e-Learning for Elderly Final Prototype Repository
My personal emacs settings with Prelude
A PHP sample showing how to extract viewables from the Autodesk OSS storage to your local machine
laravel test
Use FBSDK frameworks to learn the Facebook login/logout button.
package list for Homebrew
A practice Django app for naming imaginary animals
Irwin Brady's Text, as of the end of 2015.

Concepts learned and projects that were made using AngularJS
A simple busy indicator which can be trigger from any child or navigated page in react native application
UHC documentation (split off from UHC repo)


My backup of configs in $HOME
Test server
Code written when reading https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/
First android app (Button, basic stopwatch)
Small project as exercise for school

Personal web site


The source code for my Android app, Wave Runner
Maker and hacker projects lists.


A Dockerfile for an Apache 2 reverse proxy with basic auth (hard coded user)
KGViewSeparators is a small helper library that helps to quickly insert separators into a view. No subclassing required!
My custom dotfiles, using ZSH

a basic hybrid cordova app
repository for my test code
Documentation (Python tutorial and how to use Reeborg) in multiple languages
The assignments from Stanford Natural Language Processing Course on Coursera, started Jan 2016, Finished Jan 2016

Apache Docker image with configurable ServerName
My dot emacs
Hadoop tasks repository for Parallel and Distributed Computing course at MIPT 2015
testing
List of Opinion Words (positive/negative) in Bahasa Indonesia for Sentiment Analysis.
A basic ionic hybrid app

This is where I teach myself things
Using LocomotiveCMS for ocgbl site
Simple blog with flask
Testing specific features of https://github.com/miekg/dns
style guide for New England VegFest




This is an example site for the intro to Front-end Web Development Course at Flatiron School.
Smarty Basic
My personal blog where I talk about technical concepts related to being a front-end web developer
Simple React app for GitHub search API

Hello world standalone example using Uni.rs unikernel
Some my C and C++ code examples which I made during study new technology.



A basic App showing Fragment Display properties in Android
Simple Magento 2 module that shows uses of Controller, Block & Template.

A small app built with flask for the final project of ud330 Full Stack Foundations class for udacity. 
A simple Spam mail filter using Naive Bayes Classification method

My version of the BBC Website 

A tutorial for using Angular's built-in filters.


tutorial
Codepath University Spring 2016
Collection of homework assignments, papers and source code created while earning BS at the Evergreen State College
A multi channel log emitter(a clone of my php snitchin) written in GO
develop react-redux to learning any more
Steps in reviewing and refactoring the code in question http://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/115012/report-for-a-restaurant-showing-hourly-sales-information-for-a-given-timespan


Setting up a new Mac
My practice of testing website payoneer.com using howitzer cucumber.



A collection of the files for a sample website about wolves. It does not work.
Udacity Course Work
Docker Hacking Image

Setting up sprites and platform controls in easeljs





Example web server from node.js developer course

linux dotfiles managed via gnu stow

Main Repo for All Platforms
A client webpage which turns mathematical expression trees to artsy animated GIFs.

I created a java Selenium Maven project to practice testing techniques for myself using JUnit to check if the automated test pass or fail
I'm experimenting react native. This project is work in progress...

Simple bulls and cows game in javascript
Local sandbox for mucking around with Docker. Requires Vagrant and VirtualBox.

Karma Landing Page Clone
Just a repo for me donking around with hapi/react
A simple i18n translation and localization library for React+Fluxible applications.


This demonstrates the use of multidimensional arrays with this gradebook version

A simple, but growing, script to run scans on targets written in Python.

Go tour tutorial
Helpers created by skyjaz software
python the hard way tutorial/book
This is a list of tech coops that are either forming or looking for new members.
Simple Docker image for testing SSL certificates
Intro and Next Steps in Foundation
2nd assignment for 2IMV20 (Visualization) at Eindhoven University of Technology


Backup copies for various projects i  fiddle with.

Resources for the Sonic Interaction Design Course HS 2015
My personal Docker containers I use for development.

Very basic implementation of personal site built with Django
Download script for grabbing data out of a twonky media server
My Quadrapod project
My implementations of the apps from Udemy's course "Build Apps with React Native"
Starting learn Java program language - 2016
Simple web frontend to label images with 0s and 1s

This is a first attempt at building an Android application.  Very simple, more or less a "hello world"
Instructional projects that I have completed



Just my dotfiles...
Demo project for a blog post on using Ninject with Prism for Xamarin Forms

Application handler for testing with loraserver.
An example to show how to develop tomcat-based WebSocket application on Heroku




Coursera - Functional Programming Principles in Scala

:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component
student-management-system-javax-swing-project
I have created a demo interview app using Meteorjs and Kurento. Sample 5 interview questions are there. Once the user clicks on start button, he /she can see see a question which has  to answered within 3 minutes or else it will disappear. Kurento media s

for HoGent native apps course, using recyclerView
Attempting to create a github based blog for all of my coding meanderings
basic project boilerplate
A simple php script to display information about a SoundCloud account in JSON format

Program for testing Classifiers implemented in Weka using Cross-validation

Example solutions for exercises in K&R C book (1988)
Git starting
An example of a blog written in Ruby on Rails
New Years
A test run to practice Rails with nested routes
Guidelines for pitching Project 2 ideas


practice with git and github


Reflections from the "How to Use Git and GitHub" course. Udacity.
My first repository 
Personal website
Basic libevdev binding for node.js
A project that is meant to help my computer science teacher grade labs and projects painlessly
Github Page
Small web app with example of components creation with reactJS
Small educational scripts to teach programming, some math, possibly some physics.
main page of website
HTML Template Engine
Get basic stats for each repo in a GitHub organization as org-mode tables
AngularJS project
compiler I wrote for University class
UDP flooder written in python 2
Code from Udacity classes.
Common configuration settings repository for APM services
A personal guide on how to get started making games by Jonathan Topf
Basic Scripting in C using Data Structures and bit shifting
Example of decoupled state machine and markup
Template for testing pgxntool with pgxntool-test

Template repository for building Ansible roles off of, including good unit testing and documentation.
Docker Python CI Environment

Rails group project



A simple tool that helps managing the slugs for Posts, Pages and Custom Post Types.
A translation of Apple's sample code Using UIImagePickerController to Select Pictures and Take Photos into Swift

Practice Project
A simple blog/website practice project powered by Node and the Express framework.


Simple tool for setting up reminders. Works in the background, allows to create/modify/delete reminders and their reoccurences. Application created in VS 2015.  Feel free to contribute.

A simple web todo list application employing jQuery, CSS and HTML



small web parser that gets all the top jobs and visualizes the various salaries for each position
Mi first application created using Ruby on Rails.
A large ensemble algorithmic work based on a number of ideas related to Ordinals.

Testing Azure IoT Suite

Portfolio Site
personal site

"Just One More" challenge for codenewbie http://www.codenewbie.org/blogs/just-one-more
My personal website source code.
Some annoying code


Simple RESTful Api Framework for go
A simple encrypted password manager created with node-js
My First jquery lab

An excerpt from my Summer 2015 REU project with the BU Bioinformatics Department (BRITE REU).
See blog post: http://jaysoo.ca/2016/01/03/managing-processes-in-redux-using-sagas/

A simple keylogger in swift just for fun.
Initial set up playbook for CentOS 7
Bringing all my frequently accessed sites to a single page. Total emphasis on minimizing typing.
Collection of Exercises & Projects from Eloquent Javascript online book

A simple Minecraft Server Manager status update checker via HTTP.

Basic Calculator made during summer

Medium clone built with Ruby on Rails
Hogent course project


A simple space invaders game written in es6

My exercises with web-services and git.
This repo is part of Coursera's Machine Learning Course.
Udacity course on git

My vim config
A look at how to build a simple order book using C++,with testing being done using Google Test
This is the first app we build in the iOS course

Example of project for AdminLib
A demo app for me to demonstrate my skills
A simple Rails Blog developed using Behavior Driven Development
A Jenkins docker image with a docker client installed inside.

react demons
Mirror copy of the Debian packaging of python-q

Plug-n-play Simple Tagging Library for Python
Fork of https://code.google.com/p/io-2012-slides/
Still a work in progress


Learning Play framework in Java
This is the first app we built in the iOS course
This is the first app we built in the iOS course
This are the four project developed for the course.
Testing out iOS SpriteKit 
Flash/Actionscript Grid-based collision detection example, runs on HTML page
Java EE poc and proto
Demonstration of how the .Net geometry-api-cs computational geometry library can be used as a RabbitMQ worker
Resume for David R Prothero in Bootstrap and Angular.js
Small app based on the SDK's StackWidget example to bring the old ProTips widget forward to ICS.

personal site and blog
Online demo site
Small, quick chat server as an Erlang exercise
This repository contains the EmulationStation theme "Carbon"
GitHub clone of SVN repo http://trac-hacks.org/svn/sumstatsplugin (cloned by http://svn2github.com/)
git clone of sybrenstubel's flickapi hg repo (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi/)
Sphinx documentation for the Tinkerforge system



Various small projects with Arduino
Uploaded an early hello word test code to Github.
A complete, yet simple, starter for Angular 2 using webpack 2
Super simple (static) web service to grab VAT rates for all EU Member States, in preparation of the new 2015 VAT regulation.
takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website
a free and open-source calculus textbook
To track development I do for the Windows platform
Example script - how to use the ESP8266 as IoT device



fast.js is a simple, tested, ready-to-used javascript algorithm library for any node.js and browser.
Playing around with generic collections in java$cript
A collection of small C programs
An Unprofessional Blog Engine Created With ASP.NET MVC By Tugberk Ugurlu


just for excess


 My solutions, written in Python, to the problems posted on Project Euler -- a series of math problems which can only be solved using a computer.

My Emacs config

My personal Vim installation, following the same procedures as the Janus project
fork of gojsonreference with support for structs
Pedantically set music filename, metadata and volume normalisation
Arnold Worldwide training repo for git and github

Source code of my Jekyll-based website
Small scripts.
My personal vim files.
This repository has been deprecated, please use one of the separate ANDS application-specific software repositories listed at: http://github.com/au-research/
tecgraf's iup src repo mirror

Mirror svn repo of T2 Sde project
Official repo is in bitbucket: https://bitbucket.org/sillsdev/l10nsharp

.vim configurations

Just a bit of code I would like to share. For example my server side Google Analytics tracker written in PHP.
Java bindings for libfreetype2 using JNA
Personal site
test
This is a simple web application which implement Two-Factor authentication by TOTP and Google Authenticator
crawler4j fork from Google code
12in12 tutorial blog
Core part of Jackson that defines Streaming API as well as basic shared abstractions
my dot files
My vim dotfiles, ellipsis.sh compatible.


Topologies of networks utilized in network research work.
Contains my dotfiles

My fork of OpenWRT 12.09 Attitude Adjustment branch


Simple PHP API to use Wunderground service
Michael Hartl's Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application
My custom devel config files, dot files and helpers needed to only have to install it on a new machine and start geeking
Simple documentation generation for Brat
Set of tools and scripts for converting raw data (csv, tsv, $sv, and other custom formats), creating links, and managing a triple store

Simple iOS prj as a team Run-in
everzet (life|work) dotfiles
My resume
Simple php based endpoint to resolve encoding URLs based on request parameters
Placeholder description: @fredex42 created this with repo-genesis
Small Python script that takes a list of directories zips them and uploads the zip to a ftp server. Also deleting all zips older than the configured stale option. Thought it could be useful to someone out there.
Soluciones para problemas en http://coj.uci.cu
various pieces of code used by many of my projects
My personal vim configuration
All of my customizations, including the zsh shell, aliases, themes, and plugins.
A git mirror of official flickrapi hg repository (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi) with some additional customizations.
Used for some changes for the swiss pirate party, based on a "git svn clone http://svn.code.sf.net/p/postfixadmin/code/ --stdlayout" and a "git filter-branch --prune-empty --tag-name-filter cat -- --all"
my website
Programa simple de redes neuronales para java
Resume in LaTeX.
(inactive and unmaintained) A set of loosely coupled machine learning, data-mining and bioinformatics applications in a broad range of functional languages.
simple library to use/parse grok patterns with php
svn clone http://dangerous-prototypes-open-hardware.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Bus_Pirate

Clone of git://anongit.freedesktop.org/gstreamer/gst-plugins-base
An old Client-Server messaging program I made in highschool. I'm keeping this for nostalgia.
My Blog
Testium is a very Flexible and Plugin-able Test Automation Engine written in java. It is Open Source and fully supports the XML-based file formats of the Standardized Test Tool Interfaces as described in http://www.testtoolinterfaces.org/. Other file form
New Flyspray theme proposal
Fork of http://git.suckless.org/dmenu with selected patches from http://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/patches/
A blog for node.js.
A collection of Xcode Templates that I use. Well...so far only Coda and SIMBL plugin
Open source e-commerce and marketplaces made simple on the JVM
Sublime Text 2 user settings

Finnish translation for Symphony CMS
LaTex version of resume
A dark color scheme for Vim.
A cross-platform clone of the popular Lazy Newb Pack for Dwarf Fortress.

Fork of warsync
Deprecated, see https://github.com/Stonelinks/stonelinks.github.io

git - the simple guide
My github homepage
My dotfiles - vim mastering - I can't go back anymore
This is a simple, easy to use Twitter API Package for FuelPHP Framework
A simple websocket client for send and receive data from a Node Server.
sample CRUD app on sinatra and mongomapper
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

An example website template for managing a band using Ruby on Rails
Remark log viewer / Github mirror
This is a fork of the open source agent simulation platform "Gestalt".
Very basic template for new rails projects

Copy of the last free wurfl.xml data file
Shell Programs for C
A simple python library that enables dynamic SLD creation and manipulation.
  This project has been deprecated.
My vim config
Personal git mirror of the tmux repository
Temporary copy of https://code.google.com/p/bastmush/ , nothing to see here, go over there.
My dotfiles
\N
Slides and example code for a talk on Inline::C, presented to Thousand Oaks Perl Mongers & Los Angeles Perl Mongers Nov/Dec 2011
This is a copy of the JNLua repository over on http://code.google.com/p/jnlua/

Sample hellogitworld repo for GitHub Training classes
test fork from svn googlecode to git


a simple asset loader for Children of Ur, works with other projects too!
A simple space fighter game
Test GitHub

A community list of social media events in portugal
Helper-app for beekeepers.

My website running on my home server. I'll get a real webserver someday, don't worry.


This repository is for tracking exploratory code I write as I study Allen B. Downey's "How to think like a computer scientist", C++ version.
A toy variant implementation I felt like writing.
The up & coming version of victorlourng.com - COMING SOON!
for vim-pathogen
Examples and libraries for the Open System and the smARtBUS Open I/O

A repo to hold the HSBNE Tumblr blog theme.
git demo

helpers used in integration and unit tests of apis endpoints
Window Basic Game, Heart!
A fork of the WordPress Simple Colorbox plugin
dotfiles
Minimal clone of python's "SimpleHTTPServer"
test
A small program that grabs forum titles every minute
Simple tool to download videos from edX-based sites



my resume
A wrapper around the basic pattern I generally use for compojure projects
record the thing I should record



A little Github Pages File
simple web 

Dr Cyan is a simple Choose Your Own Adventure engine based on Markdown files.
dotfiles
Repo for running basic Data Mining scripts

Collected resources about Facebook's React
This is an initial step to practice Python and Git 

personal website source code
A simple, yet beautiful, code highlighter for WordPress.
vim configuration


Docker config for a ghost setup. Extra: nginx vhost config template with performance optimizations
The demo app for Ruby on Rails tutorial


for practice
Demo rails app
http://blog.falafel.com/blogs/BasemEmara/basem-emara/2014/01/02/getting-started-with-web-components
A collection of post install scripts for configuring security, development environments, and servers on debian. Just here to make things easier. Free Software Only.

Personal Practice at AI using a checkers game
A jump-start for my projects.
android tutorial
This is an open source project of using Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) in milton
Evolution you can do at home
A proper place to keep my conf files and scripts.
A basic application to look for ppl to share cabs with. Has minimum functionality with FB oauth. Frontend uses bootstrap.
Checking metrics on C/C++/Java and maybe C# code from early 2000s
Schedule your day to the half hour. Be glorious.
Vision - sample app for Advanced Express Web Application Development by Andrew Keig
A docker image which my sites are based on.
Test Node.js

Created by studio
Study the MEF and introduce the Team if it's worth to dig deep and study the source code of MEF

this is a quicke one hour app to demonstrate what a subscriber to an interactive news site might look like

android proj

Programming project for Machine Learning at the TUM in WS13/14.
send background email from IOS
java practice projects
Landing page for smoke test of new app
just learning git
Cowork Website
Experimenting with Github pages

ZMODEM file transfer between machines via a serial crossover cable.

Github playground
Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample App

collaborative repository to practice coding.

forked repo



Setup android dev env for mac os x using chef


Example to show org.pm4j in JavaFX
This will be my autorec plugin stuff...
Android Project Templates and Code Modules

Demo of drag drop queue for iOS
ReactiveCocoa and ReactiveViewModel demo

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

For WDI PW2 work

This learning encounter details the process for creating learning encounters using Reveal.js, Git, and GitHub.



a template for a node.js project with grunt, coffeescript, less, jade

Template project for testing out Javascript vNext (ECMAScript 6 aka "Harmony") via the Google Traceur Compiler with a simple Express service.


A small collaboration with users of http://codegolf.stackexchange.com.
my dot emacs

New SQYBI.com with Django. Notice that the RoR version is deprecated!
A simple bookmarklet to show/hide text on a webpage, revealing the design underneath

Yet another blog.
All my spoj work

This is my first helloworld phonegap app
Practice with the full stack, writing acceptance tests, shedding scaffolding

A generic admin theme built with Bootstrap 3 free for both personal and commercial use. 

A port of the Hyde Jekyll theme to Statamic
A skeleton theme for creating themes for the wonderful Anchor CMS
Test
Mirror of vim-latex from Sourceforge

Simple Upstart template
practice with material for technical interviews
A fork of the WordPress TwentyThirteen Theme
Defacto Dev Blog
A sample Google Glass app using the Glass API

my testing ground
Sublime Text config files
Project 1 for Stanford University Objective-C course

Small macros, scripts, etc to make life easier

source code for html 
A playground that I use to learn OpenGL
test repository
This ist just a small game, written by myself in c.
A simple hadoop based project for learning. This project extracts the discharge summary data and using International Classification of Diseases (ICD) codes will perform the quick search on a specific disease and returns the highest number of other diagnos

Very basic memory game I made for my kids
iOS scroll view demo app
Links to StyleGuides used by our team
Collection of actionscript 3 utilities
Linux kernel module handling
A demo of how to use the SubscriptionBundle
A dropbox for small commandline tools and scripts I build. Many for media management like image resizing or server admin, but otherwise a random grab-bag of unrelated stuff. Linux + OSX shortcuts. In git so I can find them again next year.


simple currying script

Documentation and examples for an introductory workshop about Boost





my ember.js practice


Various stuff that I want to keep in 1 place

This repository will house R code for some programming exercises in a class on Computational Statistics. When I was taking this class, I often thought stumbling upon a repo like this would have been helpful. The work here is largely my own, but obviously 
Practice App
windows client 
Example repository that is created from an existing project.

C++ Templates - The Complete Guide

Example showing use of shoe, dnode and browserify to render cross-browser web page
fork from http://sourceforge.net/projects/opascalscript/



My personal page
Documentation for the Statamic CMS in Dash Docset format 
This is the sample application for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial by Michael Hartl (http://michaelhartl.com/)
Ubuntu Server Guide
Small JS Library to queue CSS3 Animations
Documentation for the Internet Archive S3 API
just for fun - counts how many seconds/minutes/hours/days have been elapsed since last new years eve :)

just a test

a collection of effects all build with TweenLite or TweenMax.
Simple console application to get the MD5 hash of files in a given directory (or a specific file, if an extension is provided). Needed this to support the Updater in my SAI-Editor.
A basic mapper to read/write POJO instances to a very compressed binary file format.  While working on another project, I originally was going to use Jackson to read/write POJO to JSON/XMl, but after looking at the overhead of saving large byte arrays I c

Created by studio
My dotfiles (zsh, tmux, vim, git)
A clean way to setup a quick demo using HTML5 and jQuery.
Simple GeoPal python client
This is a simple python script to automate the molecular dynamics and minimisation protocols with gromacs. Current version can perform minimisations of protein-ligand complex only
Ruby on rails tutorial - first app
Implementation example of Spring-Hateoas (client wich consume and expose RESTful HATEOAS Service)Source from my article : http://bewilcox.blogspot.fr/2013/12/generer-lexposition-de-vos-entites-jpa.html
LightStor Standard Documentation
Lego Mindstorms EV3 hacking, documentation + list of projects.
SharePoint 2007/2010/2013 PowerShellscript to copy user permissions on all specified sites/subsites


Coursework for CS 590 - Computational Microeconomics. Taught by Vince Conitzer, Duke University, Spring 2014. 
Basic shell script for create and delete apache virtual hosts.

An example project using Grunt with a Magento theme
Sample api client for Diffbot.com. This is just sample with one api call to article api of diffbot.Shared just for demo.
Some regex practice katas I made for a presentation.
A clone of casper, the default theme in ghost
these are small scripts that I have written to perform certain scientific computing tasks, namely for a course I have taken on quantitative economics
dot files
Static content repository for Onto
Just a few basic quiz questions / solutions to quizzes that I ask potential candidates to look at based on their experience

A test of github pages, with a bit of jekyll, listing some code related stuff I have done
Notes and example implementations of design patterns in JavaScript


This application is devise,cancan and feedzirra's sample application,going to write how to do soon.

HTML test project for Yandex
ProMotion issue 366 debugging repo
Documentation for the Trapper project

test folder, learning git via ubuntu terminal
Simple programs using template meta-programming in C++.
Some testing
Documentation wiki for using AppWarp On-Premise
Various for-fun scripts and projects
Small application for Android what helps people learn multiply table. Made it for Android101 course

School Project - Create a tool that displays information about the disk
Demo of recoupling a decoupled project. Effective likelihoods and template parametrizations are hosted on the web.
Tempbox. A demo app showing UserApp, Python and AngularJS running together.
My first app
My customized configuration files
My personal page.
This was a school assignment.
Clone this and correct the jQuery errors!

A small log for all the coffee I taste

A small app, that's used in the Ruby Tutorial.
My git speed dial functions
The first app for the ruby on rails tutorial
docker files

Documentation and Resources for the Minecraft Mod Station

Code that I wrote to deeply understand how some general data structures function internally. A lot of pointer concepts covered. All code in C++.
Demo of how to list posts with collections in Assemble 
Simple Sublime Text extension to implement Ctrl/Command-0 function to restore edit window font size to user-defined default.
Just practice with Ember JS
repo for testing 

Personal page & blog
repo for recipe storage
This is a fork of KA9Q's FEC library that also compiles on x86_64 and arm.


vim dotfiles
Hello world program running under CP/M-80, crosscompiled with SDCC (based on sources from N8VEM)
Template I use to start my scala projects.
Dummy project to learn github via Tuts+ tutorial

Rails Demo App
gotta level up those git skills!



Anna's Testing Experiment.

Projects I created in my free time
Testing GitHub out
My personal website
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample app
My home base on the web.
Famous computer scientists image and text

A notification-daemon fork supporting more options
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Contains the TI-BASIC program called "HANOI"

The documentation for the Bootstrapper package
Animate your name or a simple word.
Test repository
A website / theme for Small Victories.
My dotfiles
Learning game for small children
My (own) Sheltie Pedigree project written in Java generating all HTML from an XML, no database.

Saves state against an entity in MongoDB with simple constants and helper methods
My stuff created while studying, training, being trained, or playing.
A small helper module for image galleries in WordPress, using ACF.
Sample Code for Spring LWHS Device Invention Class
A simple application for quickly converting subtitle files from SubRib (.srt) format to WebVTT (.vtt) format.
This plugin demonstrates how to add new visualizations to Datawrapper
Store data in local storage
A small game for GlobalGameJam 2011
The content files for the LCDM website at the University of Illinois.
My dotfiles
A simple java pipe for couchdb changes feeds

a backup of the main site
This tutorial demonstrates how to use the Cloud API in Titanium Mobile. Specifically, the demo project will allow you to send a template based email to any recipient.
A simple non-configurable OSX kernel extension to prevent sleep


Collection of my solutions for algorithmic problems from infoarena.ro, written in C++.

Learning how to program using ruby on rails
Tango With Django tutorial


My first push to github
My first Mvc framework



An example registration handler for setting up Salesforce with OpenID Connect


personal blog
Big project for Ruby on Rails course at II UWr
The sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
List

Dating Python - A quick start guide to Python programming



A simple little android application which demonstrates how to intermingle some of today's most interesting technologies in the Android ecosystem: Dagger, Otto, android-priority-jobqueue, gradle and lightORM. All wrapped up in a neat MVC pattern. Nothing f
Account Github page.
A simple plug-in for jQuery mobile which adds content to a list.
DB Course Desktop Client + SQL Server Side

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
This is my individual project for the Professional Graduate Diploma in IT BCS


Std theme atweb



A small library used to shadow polymorphic operators (and functions) contained in the stdlib.
Using Azure Active Directory with a WebAPI and testing via client console app

Simple Ruby API for the Bing Ads SOAP Webservices
Fork of the cleaver project (http://www.sci.utah.edu/cibc-software/cleaver-cibc.html)
these are short scripts that I have written in C++/C (mostly C++) , for a course called "Problem Solving with C++"... there are also the solutions to www.programming-challenges.com
Development
A repository to mess around with data structures in C# 
Simple Grid with paging and search for Play Framework 2 based on Bootstrap
Sample app  for learning github 
small programs

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
demo repo for students
A simple queue to import ActiveRecords objects en-masse using activerecord-import
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Code for my Wikimedia Labs Tools account
learn to use word2vec
My personal configuration files.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

My microcontroller/arduino playground
vim

Basic Ruby Control Panel

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
I posted the rants at 2pm on 2 Jan 2014 - got a suspicious email at 4:20pm same day
My solutions from psets 0-8, and final project, from the online course cs50 [https://cs50.net].
A basic assessment for Adapt that is attached to an article
learning to use git
Sample program(s) to parse logs
ios course final task
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
dotfiles
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Something to demo git use in class
my personal page
RFRateMe will help you promote your iPhone/iPad app without irritating your users. It's very simple to install, use and configure (If you need to change the default behavior).
:spades: Simple example for Instagram API 
Basic iphone application and python server for using trilateration (trigonometric and least squares) to determine the point coordinates of the phone.
My Personal Space on the Cloud
A simple "Gift List Manager". A little project to learn Play2! and practice Scala
Keller's Personal Game/Engine
xgl emacs setting
Dotfiles. For me! My dotfiles.
A set of Emacs color themes based on Chris Kempson's 'tomorrow' themes

A clone of Gameboy Tetris using HTML5 canvas written in javascript.
A simple library for applying transformations to an input stream.
Cross-platform Paint.NET clone
Sublime Text 2 config files
Fork of Pyglet to provide OpenGL Core functionality on Mac OS-X. Please use the official repository unless you require these changes.
A collection of userscript for different Browsergames.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A database application for linguistic examples
MATLAB code that employs a fitting algorithm and 1D DRS model

A thin wrapper around the JavaScript Cytoscape Web library for Google Web Toolkit
a simple blog made with rails
redirects to personal site
SpriteBuilder character animation demo
Example Android app demonstrating possible use of RxJava
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
An easy way to include all files within a directory. Note: This is a fork of felixge's require-all which allows for optional includes.
My Blog source
Nokia Education Delivery documentation
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A Python Turtle program I created
:video_game: A list of popular/awesome videos games, add-ons, maps, etc. hosted on GitHub. Any genre. Any platform. Any engine.
Demo site for my session at DrupalDownUnder 2012
A non_blocking_lock implementation for ActiveRecord adapters (well, just mysql2, at the moment). This is just a quick and dirty extraction due to the Rails 3.2 deprecation of vendor/plugins. README/tests/etc coming later.
(DEPRECATED) My first html game start.
This is a collection of useful Oracle SQL and shell scripts that I frequently use
Package Control repository for my Sublime Text 2/3 packages
Some exercices
This repository holds the configuration and site packages for the kjf press release application.
a simple spread-spectrum based informed watermarking implementation in MATLAB
deprecated
Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/ad_google_maps/. Updated daily with svn2git.
vim configuration files
Basic ZendFramework2 example application using Doctrine2 and the SpiffyDoctrine modules
A simple octopress blog, more work-related than anything else.

vim setting
Simple PHP contact form using bootstrap and the jQuery validation plugin.
simple twitter clone
Just a little Galaga clone written in Java.
My website
rsatool can be used to calculate RSA and RSA-CRT parameters
My dotfiles
Configuration files for stuff I use.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror


Simple NodeXT CMS serving as the official Create integration testbed
Simple Markdown Service In Sinatra
Project Euler solutions.....
My Resume in LaTeX
A simple web based school management system.
The Laughing Man logo implemented in pure HTML/CSS
Sys and app configs
Win32 code example to list all the imports within the executable, very useful aid to understanding PE executables and the API calls they are trying to use from various DLL's.
My emacs24 text editor configuration
Common files used among the SCA Broker and Agent. 
WPoniOS - Rest API is a plugin which provide a rest interface in WordPress CMS.
Fork of mapsforge - https://code.google.com/p/mapsforge/
Zend Framework 1 Config package
No longer supported see - https://github.com/meh/ruby-tesseract-ocr
All sample projects, which belong to my posts on blog.volger.org
A small, fast and simple 3D scene graph vector engine for JavaScript based on the HTML 5 canvas technology
collection of scripts I use to handle locales at Diaspora
