test repo
Official Girl Develop It Core Intermediate HTML/CSS curriculum with modifications for GDI Chicago.
Some exercise and sample
Basic structure for a REST client using the Silex microframework to consume the sample https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestServer  For documentation review please go to https://github.com/fjalvarezdd/SilexRestClient/wiki

practice
WebGL demo: fire + dynamic lighting
Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/mfc_canonical/. Updated daily with svn2git.

This is a fork of Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) from http://www.nrl.navy.mil/itd/ncs/products/core  A description from the project page: "The Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) is a tool for emulating networks on one or more machines. You can con
A very simple Rails 3 sample app using my fork of the Paths of Glory achievement system gem.
A collection scripts for android and linux
Documents my recovery
Tutorial at Mozilla Python Meetup
SearchPhp - Pimcore Website Search (fork of official Pimcore plugin http://www.pimcore.org/resources/extensions/detail/SearchPhp)
This library is a lua client for SC-Server. It is a simple client that implements most of the interface of SC-Server.
Test repo for testing gerrit replication
Stuff to make my Mac run better
BAsic Bottle app for dad's water system controller
Blog posts
Self contained self hosting Nancy demo
The project consists in an Android application that can be used by employees in a restaurant to handle the clients, their orders and can help them easily find free tables or place orders. This is only a demo application, created mainly for proof of proper
My personal config files.
An embedded HTTP server for performing queries and gestures
A port of my hlbsp project (rendering BSP v30 files from Halflife and it's mods (expecially CS 1.6)) to JS and WebGL (It's currently a project for school)
A 2D rigid body simulator written in C++.
for ios app
Wordpress theme for S2A website
Clans/Teams Plugin for Minecraft Bukkit Servers, NOTE: This project has now been split into 2 projects, TeamCraft(basic team structures and commands) https://github.com/Satrosity/TeamCraft and KingdomCraft (addon to TeamCraft, will have area commands, sco
[deprecated] can be replace with v2 of i18next
Documentation of the Guild Wars 2 Archive file (gw2.dat)
Demo of grails-cookie plugin
\N
Clean Yeti Basic WordPress Theme
Simple, tree-structured configuration file parser
Documentation bundled with KISS IDE
Collection of salt state files for use and testing
GNOME 3 extension to create a new application instance with the wheel button.
NOTE: maya2renderer is moved to https://github.com/maya2renderer/maya2renderer
A cookbook that provide recipes to set printers to node
Implementation of the HM Algorithm W as a learning exercise
HomeWork from sg HPC

Outlet is a simple Lisp-like programming language
my presentations as html slides
A small javascript bookmarklet to replace video.xin.msn.com's Flash Player with the HTML5 <video /> tag
Bombolone is a tasty Content Management System for Python based on Flask, MongoDB, AngularJS, Sass and Bootstrap. It's designed to be a simple, flexible toolset for projects of any size.
\N

This is a test to work on repo configurations
Small helper script for exporting MySQL databases.
An adoption of my e4 contacts demo for GWT, using the GWT MVP architecture with activities, places, event bus, etc.
USE THE UPSTREAM GIT REPO INSTEAD http://root.cern.ch/git/root.git or here https://github.com/root-mirror/root. Mirror of CERN's ROOT svn repository, updates are run hourly. master branch is svn trunk. Branch branches/dev is suppossed to be a set of branc
Fork of pyftpdlib that adds unicode support to the py2.x branch
personal blog
A mirror of the testing series of the KiCad bazaar repository.
Simple text editor written in C++ and wxWidgets 2.8
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
my vim config files

Some OBD code for Python. Old and crappy, but putting it here in case I need it again.
A basic "facebook-like" standalone wall (posts, comments, like/unlike) with php/pdo/ldap, html, css and javascript/jquery
Todoist.com backup
A minor mode for octave which highlights "echoing" lines
On-the-fly documentation
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
The repository for the Shmup
my dotfiles
A user friendly IRC Client for KDE
Test repo






KSP Interstellar Near Future Integration which is a Fork of Boris-Barboris/KSPInterstellar
(Temporary) Maven Repository
rails project from the odin project
My personal website


Test task for jetbrains

nodejs on AWS, practice project
My personal website with blog

AgentP is a small python system monitoring agent



Basic repo to get started using clojure in heroku
Simple RNNP (Random Name and Number Picker) for picking contest winners.

A small Java program that converts an integer to its corresponding word.


demo-demo
Learning Tango with Django

Assorted code from projects from UPenn MEAM 410/510 course
Old repo for my personal portfolio site. No longer updated.
Personal website

A simple Library Managment System developed by using Java. Adding / managing book entries, add / managing members etc. has been done by connecting to a SQL database.
A simple browser based markdown editor. Enter markdown on the left, get HTML on the right. Hit the Save button to export it.
(FINISHED) :computer: My first NW.js app. Just for test (I was bored and anxious of learning something new)
Computer Networks Course Projects
example

Developing Android App
Life is just a series of trying to make up your mind. 
Personal Site for Matt Gerstman

Small tool to determine OS Version
I wrote my resume in LaTeX based on the one by Alessandro Plasmati <https://www.sharelatex.com/templates/cv-or-resume/professional-cv>.
A collection of "Coming Soon" templates
Swift Conventions and Style Guide

Course Project of Formal Verification
My personal list of essential packages for Arch Linux
Misc. collection of c++ programs illustrating the capabilities of the language.


Rails app for a small shopping cart application
A simple python script that will update your twitter account with Bitcoin, Litecoin or any other Altcoin price.
a small game using pygame

This is a project created to make web development more simple, I think there are a lot of duplication in web development. If we can abstract the common part as module and next time with some providing configuration file like(XML, YAML etc), we can generat
A simple wrapper for localconfig that allows for reading config from a remote server

first git

Collection of personal coding projects. They may or may not grow into individual projects.
A zelda clone in c# console.


This's my first repo on GITHUB
Some tools used in my working life
Just test
Programming assignments done in any MOOC

CO318 network programming 2 course 1st group project ( With Kanchana Gamage )
Just a project following a rails tutorial...
Generate Wiki pages in Confluence following provided page structure


Personal files for my VPS
Arch package repository


Matasano challenge answers http://cryptopals.com/

Simple Flora project using a 12-LED ring and Compass module to always point north.

/* I decided to start this new year, playing with Java. I will use this class later for a clock component */
Simple, mobile first CSS framework
All of my answers to the problems at Project Euler.
This is a  tutorial that shows how to integrate a Twitter API into your app.

small ideas in code and not code
My Resume/Portfolio

some exercises from .js roadtrip on Code School
Simple Payroll system implemented using Ruby on Rails
A working example of using the Facebook iOS and Facebook Android Components with Xamarin Forms

Ruby coding exercises from Chris Pine's Learn to Program book.

Manny's Magical Master Manager is an aid to manage the small details of DMing for you, so you can focus on the real work. Currently available as a text-based interface, a GUI is planned eventually.


Tutorial for Django List
server
My First Repository

A small Java program that enables you to open a window on your default browser.

Welcoming myself to Github!
A simple job site with search functionality


Testing Git workflow
A basic implementation of common pathfinding algorithms

A repository to test the development of responsive navbars
This just to try uploading my project
First Test Repository



Test and Examples of Go 


CO318 network programming 2 course 2nd group project ( with Kanchana Gamage )

development work 




A small python/flask baised "search answers" project to explore indexing, parsing, retieving open data

Simple To Do List 
Like Google Cal
sample repo

Puppet manifest for setting up new machines
Coursera online course - R Programming
This class can be used to check the validaty of Swedish Person number.

For Javascript Test

Image processing on AVA database. Creating some new colour features, colour descriptors.
Example from Android Studio
first time




Basic Space Invaders clone written in Love2D 




Java source following The Cherno's Game Programming tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFYT7Lqt1h8&list=PLlrATfBNZ98eOOCk2fOFg7Qg5yoQfFAdf




Learning to crate a repository in github
learn how to clone a repository form remote repository

Test for GitHub
NCKU_2014Fall_Biomedical Information Retrieval: Final Project
A simple counter app written in Swift
Test project to show the problem described in http://stackoverflow.com/questions/27721621/java-lang-verifyerror-with-mockito-1-10-17
This is an assignment for Calgary University GSWL
docker repo
Test


GitHub practice

my first foray into git. I'm gitty. *rimshot*
Source code for lessons and assignments of Udacity-Twitter course "Real-Time Analytics with Apache Storm".
Almost 200 common file icon free to download.

Some code to start learning new functionality in Java 8
happy school days
Problems solved in Topcoder live competitions + practice rooms


Sample App for demonstrating memory leaks in AngularJS





Simple material design menu button based only on css3 animations
Homework for Node Course
I made this project to help my friends and people who want to learn programming.
A C# Portable class library to access Hue devices.
First repository based on tutorial guide
First Project
clone of https://code.google.com/p/webiopi


I made this project for secret chat application among my friends.

Blog
A collection of my programming projects - 
Duke's personal page
Basic Ruby programming project for theodinproject.com
Fork from https://github.com/rstacruz/nprogress.git
get used to Business Intelligence, this is my final project of BI class.




test

Sample project testing

Deal Website

push to git


this repository is used to learn git
practice and learn the Django python web framework
Awesome Space Storage Inventory Management

Move your body is a kinect game when kinect sdk haven't appeared and used openni
test functionality of git


A python version of simple implementation of matlab. Used for familiarizing with pylab.

Rest-API / YII - PHP
Some Python scripts I wrote to learn Python.

Blog Repo.
test for clone

This is a parent project as a library. It's a summary of my Android development experience. It concludes lots of tool classes, such as some classes about SharedPreference, IO, Download, Network and so on. Of course, some custom widgets, like RoundedImageV


simple rotate file writer

test repo
A basic config reader in go
java 8 async sample
Demo TODO app to test mithril

MITx course on Computational Thinking and Data Science
Example of RestKit use from ReyWenderlich web site.
test repo.
My first git program
rails test, just for fun

Simple Android App which will calculate the checksum for a 9-digit ISBN fragment

My First Repository
A short Python script to create a template LaTeX, Bibtex and Make file for my university work.

Net::MEGA - Simple API for mega.co.nz
The Ambta MVCEngine is an engine that lets developers build Model, View, Control applications in PHP. The engine is compact and only provides the basic rendering. It is scalable, flexible and easy to use.
Test repository for meteor-velocity issue #223 (https://github.com/meteor-velocity/velocity/issues/223)

Example 3D Scene using OpenGL3

Just some stuff
just starting

My testing repository
Collection of all problem solving practices that I do.
Uyghur Language Processing Guide for Developers
A small Perl script to fetch availability stats from Pingdom.
Reddit clone in ruby. WIP
This is mu first sample test repository


Basic App
my first repository, study use github
bugherd like system

docker repo
Convert data
My first steps with fully isomorphic SPA app in React.
Just my experiments with Haskell
Target for 2015
java

Implementation of simple UNIX shell.
solr config
a config file and skin for atom.io
my first github repository

Learning angular with typescript and requirejs based on Dan Wahlin example
First Git-Hub repository just to know

An app developed during the training sessions on Ruby on Rails 

These are two badly written Arduino source code files for my own personal use. One will be reading information from a joystick and transmitting that information by radio (eventually, for now it's just over a wire) to another arduino board which will parse
learning go
A first try to a HTML helper for simple tables



Simple wrapper for the jayson library to make rpc calls to the Bitshares client
simple python script to get a list of jobs and their status and store in sqlite database
Simple time measurement and collection utilities in scala

java on centos as docker images
a school project
Learning to work with Rails engines. An engine made out of the inbox functionality in the MailServer Project.
Github Tutorial
A collection of algorithms and functions written for PHP



The repository contains independent pygame learning codes..
Nodabba Source 

Examples for the Java Programming Basics course

This is a small webproject i wrote as a support tool for the cthulhu scenario 'Under high pressure'

Hey my first repository! I finally understood what repository means ;P
Notes about learning ROS (Robot Operating System)

Simple reporting for the Errata tool

noInfoPath listview module
New to git hub!checking it out!

Game where you can build your ship down to small details.


This is a simple node app.
A simple blog


my first PHP learning APP



Arch centric dotfiles.
A quick start code & guide for using Spring Boot and build a simple REST API from ground up in few minutes


test sample of pluralsight intro to node.js

My dotfiles


Assignments for Coursera's Cryptography I course by Dan Boneh
practice




Hello World Tutorial

photo's organizer and backup
First game created using Unity
Since moving to Europe, I get asked a lot about Canada's adoption of the metric system. Here it is. 
python test



2015 Kidozen demo of a vendors CRM application
A simple goal tracker for personal goals such as numeric (weight, read book and so on), boolean made it or not and more. Written in node.js / express / twitter bootstrap / UI framwork TBD
Small private tools
This is a demo app to play with Travis CI using ObjectiveC

Angular Phonecat tutorial on Rupert.

Copy of PHP-SRC updated with a fix for read/write timeouts on openssl extension. Branches exist for the latest stable release of 5.5.20 and 5.6.4   I can add additional branches if requested. NOTE: These changes have been merged into the current 5.5, 5.6,
clone from oreilly jenkins book
mdust from DFCI Gene Indices Software Tools (not my project; original link: ftp://occams.dfci.harvard.edu/pub/bio/tgi/software/seqclean/)
My simple BAggage LIst app's Web API
From Unity Learning Day 2014
Some animated demos for stats class
A simple catchy layout for your online resume


A Project for learning Programming in any language and script, your mothertongue.

a simple application which improves the process of learning e.g. words or dates by heart
my useful config and tools
Working directory of  Physics bachelor students of the University of  Amsterdam following an Astronomy-Astrophysics workshop







An example site using the new asp.net identity.
This is a repo of my engineer's thesis. All rights belong to Lodz University of Technology. 
Here is my first app I'm working on 
this is my first repo.

First Mobile Application


This template will help members familiar with the environment.
backup timeline
For learning github
This repository contains a java program which read pdf file with tesseract ocr and add the recognized text to the pdf in order to get a searchable pdf file.
Contains some Web IDL files of scraped specifications.

basic web theme for my profile and noBlackMagic.com



Fork of JMDodd's Unified Comment Notifications
Absolute Beginner's Program
Following the Angular/Satellizer/Node/Mongo tutorial on hackhands: https://hackhands.com/building-instagram-clone-angularjs-satellizer-nodejs-mongodb/
This is the book written by Matthew Russell
Example of round wearables clipping custom notifications


TinyXML fork
Github tutorial
Learning PHP w/ treehouse tutorial - integrates Paypal shopping cart (CSS and images not mine)
Personal dotfiles
My First Robot Control
A bootable text based challenger version .

Simple & lightweight javascript timer

a port of my coffeescript POC dofus server into a concret typescript project
Demo site for ripienaar/travlrmap



My first attempt at a website. Starting from scratch html


 Configurations of various applications (e.g. nginx, memcached, W3TC, etc.) on small vps server powering my wordpress site..
Compilation of school programming projects from 2014 onwards
Basic PHP Template For Iron Worker
Testing of landing pages.
a simple extendible text-editor that is open-source under the GPL2 licence





Git lernen.
A daily log file containing all tasks I've worked on professionally. 
tornado, bootstrap test
Some basic cryptology functions
A small chrome extension to display and keep track of tabs count across all windows.
A small guide to help those looking to hire a developer or designer for iOS work. While tailored for iOS, many questions could be used for Android developers or designers as well. A great self-test if you're looking to keep current or practice for your ow

Docker files for my blog on VPS

My OSX and Ubuntu configs for vim, tmux, etc.
Custom Wordpress theme development for flyrbord.com
One Month Rails Pinteresting Tutorial Code




Service Classifre for KDD's 99 Dataset, which split both training and test datasets based on service names on new files
Very simple example to show how you could define a intercepting classloader to get notifications on what classes have been loaded.
tinyxpath fork
Simple PHP function which checks the price of given SMS number.

My solutions for functional-javascript-workshop from nodeschool.io

Little repository to play with Git
A simple CLI for interacting with Command-C.
Exercises and programs made while learning C





Improving our QA process from complicated Google Spreadsheets to a simple app.
Sample popup modal
The personal website of Thom Krillis a.k.a. Bobby Yankou
My home page
Heap Data Structure
Learning JPA/REST with Spring
learning meteor and getting used to Git
"Iteadstudio" Duel Relay & Mosfet Shield,Comes with a pretty useless library for checking each parts functionality,here is a slightly better one I wrote.(turns on and off each relay and mosfet with delays)

Communication example, 1 PI <-> 1 Arduino. Two sensors and time sync. Also .py MySQL insert example
i havent seen these movies but review them anyways
setting vpn and secure mail
An example theme to display Wundersite content
(Unstable) A really simple bandwidth monitor for the Wifi networks that your Mac connects to.
One Bookmarklet to rule them all
Java port of an old Amiga Basic program I typed in back in the 80's
Personal website for Jack Manser



A Git Test
My Vim configuration


Web page for STT 2810
karma clone
Basic API wrapper for Google Analytics.

A small webapp which zips and returns your multiple file.
Personal productivity tracker


All the mini projects finished during the course "Data Communication And Networks" (Spring 2013)

My first game, made with SDL2, EntityX and C++11
For Practice
HackerRank Challenges in Java
With inspiration from the widely used replay analysis tool, Sc2gears comes CSGOgears for detailed CS:GO replay analysis.
Yeoman repo for some of my c# templates

Android ListView app example w/ section headers and random count of subitems in sections
This is the code I used to make my avatar. 



It's my personal portfolio site for GitHub

Projet Android 2014-2015
Having most of my version control experience in TFS and BitBucket, this is a test project to familiarize myself with GitHub.
Practice respository

Open Source Model Railway Control system
AngularJS Learning and Demo Apps

Learning C++ by reading books (see list in README).
Just a global instance for Node.js EventEmitter

testing out the GitHub pages https://phlorianakos.github.io/hello_world
This package is deprecated in favor of https://github.com/astronomerio/meteor-astronomer
just playing
DEPRECATED! USE MDCSS INSTEAD! PHP Styleguide.
Code for the current 2015 Team 2836 Robot
Testing with My First Repo
Generates sample projects from a Github repository with some added user configuration
SoftUni SPA with AngularJS Course Project

Manage personal projects and breathe life into them by dedicating your time.
Simple 3.3V power source for Raspberry Pi pheripherials. Power source can be switched on/off using one of Raspberry Pi GPIOs
Material to be distributed for AMath 574, Winter Quarter 2015 at the University of Washington
Dot files!
Repository for my personal docker containers.
Issues as the course mailing list for announcements
Learning the basics of C


All of my dotfiles


new project

Projet de stage 2014-2015 (Node.js)
My own website
My personal website 
Tutorial from - https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-real-time-scheduling-app-using-angularjs-and-firebase
Clone

Just a rep-rap-fap test
practice stuff
You can report people for any reason you desire!

Node.js server for REST api to control my home automation project
My first game


Code + Tutorials on computer science related topics. Hobby while in school studying CS, but may be informative to some...
Tutorial Ruby on Rails
A basic repository for playing with git
Database System Projects for Spring 2013 at University at Buffalo
personal web site
George Mason Speaker's Page
companion repos for my lyndia.com course
Exercise files repo for the JavaScript from Scratch course on PluralSight 

data visualization & representation, fordham college at lincoln center, fall 2015.
No-Frills From-Scratch Software Building for people who just want to make software with what they have available.
A very simple script that adds CR to hunks in a diff, so it can be applied using patch to files with CRLF line terminators 
test your uploads



This demonstrates how you can use the Adapter pattern to have 2 or more different interfaces communicate with each other.
Team 1793 Robot Source Code for 2015 FRC Competition

Online Musical Instrument Shopping Website: 2nd Year DBMS Project

Personal Website

Simple todo app made with angular on local storage.
Create a list of Software Engineering topics so that I can divide them among the 4 SE courses that we teach in our Software Development concentration.

A very small and quick jQuery Demo for learning purposes. 
Antivirus Program
The AI That Learns From You. (Early Development)
Personal blog.


Repo for Calvin College 2015 Interim course "Learning from Data"

Practice code in java and javascript
Blog
Project Files 

My get helped repo :)

Docs and code examples for Raspberry Pi backpack for the MIP Robot
A small project in PHP development.
<<scr<s>sc<h>ript>alert('a');< / script > 
Just another repository
A catalog of the books available in the unofficial library at my university that I started.
Clone of the C++ bank app in C#
Winter 2015 session of ART341 at Portland State University
Just one small thing that I want to save from hit.bg. 
A flash-based multimedia presentation following visual design elements and principles about a card game called Tabiah

numerical methods for PDEs final project, Columbia University, fall 2014
My personal boilerplate for FrontEnd Development

Operating Systems Projects 
A distribution of Lua customized to my liking.
Off-season testing was done on one of our spare drivetrains from the 2014 season. New classes to generate polynomials and bezier curves for the robot to follow were created. Testing of the Command Based Template worked out well. We will switch to that for
A simple shell script for managing your forgettinGTD structure. For details see https://github.com/forget-it/forgettinGTD-cli/wiki
Practise Test
A small example of getting erlport to connect Python and Elixir
A simple visualization of the Mandelbrot set

A (very) small erlang module for interacting with couchdbs rest api.
A repository which hosts the great contents of opensecuritytraining.info - for people who for some reason can not download the content from the original website, and for distribution's sake.
Conversion app by tutorial from Derek Banas


AutoHotkey libraries for my projects
Fork of JMDodd's Mark My Favorites for Buddypress
my personal website
Simple nosql scripts and syntax to Complex aggregate pipeline scripts
Otter convergence implementation in Haskell

Old and new java projects

The material I covered when learning how to web dev. 
My first repository on GitHub
Basic HTML using PHP test for Heroku
Programming practice
New to this community, I hope to explore the vast world of programming

I think this is required to make my public page.
App Du Lich Server 





Personal Website
Used to learn IOS programming
An assignment from the first C++ course in the major. It's a linked list based file-comparison tool. See readme for more details.

My vim setup
A collection of CS/Software Engineering Projects created
BYU ECEn 360 Electromagnetics - Winter 2015
Random applications used for learning purposes

frontend-nanodegree-resume
Just an Experiment




the source code for my portfolio
This project is a demo app for BroadcastReceiver and Notification in Android.




Nothing to see here.... just playing around learning node.js, MySQL and Cloud9 IDE
Simple particle engine written in order to learn Cinder
[Experiment] A simple todo list API built with Laravel 4




The missing JS library to create MS Word documents from NodeJs or IOJS apps

A simple tunnel game to play in your browser.
BlackJack Game as final project in Intro to Ruby, Lesson 1
Doing the How to use a content provider Udacity class: https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud258/
New Year Game Jam

Practice Repo for Scala

A simple historical stock price plotter made with matplotlib library in Python. Can be run from command line.
HTML & CSS class page.
A Simple Configuration File Parser in C++11
My Little Resume

Simple Safari extension to open subreddits by name

Examples of some "porcelain" git commands implemented with python bindings (pygit2) to the libgit2 library.
My personal config for the Friendly Interactive Shell
Tests, schemas, and documentation for the Flow Base Programming Network Protocol
Collection of configuration files git controlled for quick setup and propagation

Repository creation
A list of mantras of technology companies
A simple bukkit plugin that filters log output with regexes
A simple C# program for Windows, for checking the devices in a local network (currently discontinued)
Simon's Stamp Collection App -- helps us learn GIT

Chapter example for chapter 6 of Ionic in Action

This program finds the maximum possible sum of any slice in a given array. It has a time complexity of O(N).
Solving some problems
Mobile application repository

My first attempt at Rock-paper-scissors with Python
Collection of my various scripts for Blender
Challenging but I am just regular in JS.
A copy of all posts that go on to the site (and drafts).

Supplemental problems written for CSC-161 at Grinnell College

This is my code when i'm on university. I built it to learning Java.
This sample shows you how to add a DebugSettings flyout into the SettingsPane when running under DEBUG in order to clear application data (local, roaming, temporary, local cache, local settings and roamign setting).
iOS8 Swift project for class

Source files for my home page and blog.

Udacity reflections from Github course
learn and test how to use git and github
Program for finding palindromes in a specified range in a specified positional numeral system by the radix (from 2 to 36).It was a school homework, done at night Jan 2-3, 2015.
Postgresql vagrant configuration for hot standby, backup and cloning
A fake project that's part of the Git Essential course at Tuts+ Premium


Simple example of a UIPageViewController tutorial screen written in Swift.  

Documentation site and example code for using the TwitterOAuth library.


My collection of Ansible roles


my awesome wm config
Playing around with React and Material Design
 :school: NMCT BA Project
Project to learn Ruby on Rails 4. (2) Blog Web App. Original code made by @mackenziechild.
A simple theme to get your WordPress site up and running in no time.

Read-only release history for Test-Synopsis-Expectation
An app to help with textbook and resource access for my math class
.spec Files for building RHEL RPMs
My own set of utils for Android applications
The sunshine app from the Udacity Course "Developing Android Apps" - added the "L" for Android Lollipop and Material Design.

Browser-based Breakout clone with fast 3d graphics and a unique design

A pretty-printing library for laying out text in two dimensions, using a simple box model.
Demonstration of null object pattern for presentation
Simple app do display accumulated data from your last 28 days registered in Strava
2015 FIRST Robotics Robot Code. 
A management system for things in and relating to my house (currently just lights)
Dead Simple Prototyping Framework for Java
Version UTF-8 de fab

Translation project and CodeCharge Studio IDE.
My entry for the UTGDDC GMD 2015
Formal executable specification for the Rip programming language
A basic functionality clone of instagram that I made during an iOS course I took. Uses parse backend and implements user registration, user authentication, and queries. Includes follower system and user feed system implementation. Also has pop-up alerts, 
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
TicTacToe game for C++ learning
A free software educational application for training elementary school students into basic arithmetic operations
Provides some basic classes to describe the structure of a software project.
\N
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Software for testing the blinkbox Books website.
My personal template for develop angular webapp
An example of using ReactJS with Rails using the classic fizzbuzz app

"First Head: Design Patterns" book training source files
Copy of wkhtmltopdf-amd64 binary
OpenGL demo of a point rendering and texture filtering technique called Surface Splatting.
Mirror of http://drupal.org/project/wizard_helper provided by hubdrop.
collection of handy scripts often used in DB/A activities
Repository of Richard Bird's problems with quickcheck properties.
My first foray into C++ programming
A 3D media timeline using web gl, more of a learning exercise for me.
Basic structure for building HTML sites using Middleman, HAML/SASS, and HTML5 Boilerplate
Git clone of DeSmuME hosted on SourceForge. Given that no change has been made there since 2015-03-18 this should be up-to-date, but I can't guarantee it :)

Authentication demo for Android clients

Written in Prolog :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye: Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/poddavki
Files for packaging tpfanco-admin for different GNU/Linux distributions
NetHack 4 is an open, community-maintained version of the classic roguelike game NetHack.  This is my working repo for contributing to it.  (If you are looking for the official NH4 repository, see nethack4.org.)
Spring Security and Angular JS:: A tutorial on how to use Spring Security with a single page application with various backend architectures, ranging from a simple single server to an API gateway with OAuth2 authentication.
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/cryptobourrin
a university course evaluation system written in Python using Django
We are MOVING to a new repo at https://github.com/octothemes/classic-dark
A disorganized list of tips and tricks.
Math Quiz is a simple fun game for those who want to improve their Math skills. This application is targeted to toddlers, babies, young people and those who want to try it out. As of now, this project is just simple but with everybody's collaboration, thi
Experiments in node.js by writing a simple scraper. 
my vimrc config and vim folder


SivaLabs: A project for my personal use.
A set of experimentation scripts for the WISEBED experiment facilities
some of my AVR projects
My usercode area
A Java helper library I developed to help me in my various personal projects.

some config files in my home directory, like as ".gitconfig", ".bashrc", ".vimrc", etc.

A very small danbooru style image gallery.
\N
\N

An unofficial list of papers accepted to POPL 2013.
DEPRECATED: See scireum/sirius
\N
A fork of 'Basecamp theme' comes from redmine's alternative theme. (sigh)
learning to code a drupal module



mirror of git://git.p.engu.in/laurentb/brutha
\N
Simple example using the Guice-Jersey-Jetty-Shiro stack
Demo app showing how the Rails CVE-2013-5664 vulnerability works.

A free wunderlist clone
\N
Spec files for the R-repo project
Simple command line tool to log work hours using MongoDB
A Hailboards 2.0 Theme for phpBB3
collection of small scripts or how-tos that don't fall under a separate project
Fork of the Fung Institute up-to-date version of the Fleming disambiguation engine
\N
A simple implementation of gradient descent in c++
My hacky projecteuler.net solutions
An example of implementation of a Module Pattern of Javascript. Leave some comments or questions.
DEPRECATED Transparency Camp by Sunlight Foundation XXX
A simple async template language similair to dustjs and mustache (ported from c9/kernel)
Bundle for the Doctrine OXM project (deprecated) - use https://github.com/doctrine/DoctrineOXMBundle
A simple swing GUI or console app for creating random, balanced groups of students
Mako based template preproccessor to produce html5boilerplate compliant templates, also includes some small asset management functionality.
Deprecated: look at sharadmv/quizbowl
Testes com CSS3 para simular no browser algo parecido com o app Flipboard
Dummy repo with a redirect to new home for the original project.
A demo Facebook connect application using the MultiPass library made w/ the Silex micro-framework.
HTML and jQuery example of creating an auto save method.
\N

:wrench: OS X / Ubuntu dotfiles
[DEPRECATED] Fun, fast, secure web development on top of Clojure/Ring
an small particle system realized in javascript, with an small demo 
damn simple config file parser for python
Copy of @thomasdavis / backbonetutorials / modular-backbone-updated example with Twitter's bootstrap
"QuickRestClient" is Simple RESTful client API for Java.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
This is a plugin for Question2Answer that provides AntiBot Captcha - simple good-looking, but well-protected plugin against spam robots for your contents.
MIUI v4 Russian Translation

MOVED TO https://bitbucket.org/acoustid/musicbrainz-acoustid
(Deprecated) ElggCollection API
A small Wordpress Gallery
These are some of the set up scripts for my OpenERP cloud
Swedish translation for the upcoming 2.2 release of Processwire with multi-language support.
Account Control Panel (fork)
A specification for code documenting tools
Database School Project
my dotfiles, tons of customizations that maximizes *nix lazing around
Design Patterns in Ruby resources and discussion questions
create a static HTML copy of a tumblr blog
Basic tab delimited import function for Wakanda
A fork (from sourceforge svn) of Batuhan Bozkurt's patching interface for SuperCollider
Git settings - dotfiles
Small TCP benchmarking tool in Go-lang
Example Code for Volume Rendering Tutorial
This example codes show you how to add 'do not backup' attribute to your files and directory.
A simple Ruby script to backup the entirety of a GitHub project to a local folder.

Implementation of  Cynthia Brewer, Mark Harrower, and The Pennsylvania State University's ColorBrewer color schemes as found here: http://www.personal.psu.edu/cab38/ColorBrewer/ColorBrewer_RGB.html in Sass
Web pages and other files for UW program in Python Programming
Example code for the General Architecture for Text Engineering (GATE)
Assignments and other work for UW course, Internet Programming in Python
Collection of python scripts to update confluence via the CLI.
Computer Science Testing System written for the University of Winnipeg
Site dos Projetos do Sistema Aula no Git Hub
Algorithms & Complexity course of NTUA
Add process management to `list-processes'
A simple Ruby DNS server for EventMachine

A small command-line python script that creates a local backup of your Flickr data.  It mirrors images, titles, description, tags, albums and collections.
Create simple editable CMS content blocks in node.js. Wrapper for Create.js CMS framework.
My .vim
A lightweight, simple to use camera system for your CoronaSDK project.
A MultiWorld/MultiCurrency economy plugin for Craftbukkit * DEPRECATED. Go in http://github.com/greatman/Craftconomy3 *
my dotfiles
Some environment stuff: vim settings, bash settings, git settings etc

Using OpenSim and Second Life open source software as crutches while we write sane replacements.

My personal website including my blog and project built in Django
code I write while learning ruby
MO JS tutorial
All the standard dotfiles I use
A simple SQL-based queue for Rhino.ServiceBus
a repo to practice some php skills
Testing
Testing Git commands
test project
my own fork version of libnetfilter_queue.

test for GitHub practice
github pages for anvil
"Clone" of the RPG Maker XP Tileset Flag Interface
Here are some Unity3DDemos
\N

\N
repo for my dotfiles synchronization
Personal Pages
Areski Belaid Personal Website
[DEPRECATED] A simple Android background service that keeps your GPS online for some specified amount of time.

ps3 game translation team
This is a beginner's testing.
Info about me and links to my projects
Personal Web Page
A simple Metalsmith website boilerplate (Gulp included)
User settings backup
\N
dot files
A readme file with ideas for future projects to help me learn.
Add simple configuration to any ruby class or module
This is a `git svn` mirror of the now dead Eternity SVN repository.  For more active development, please see team-eternity/eternity.
I am an AUR package maintainer. See my packages!
This is a code storage of ATF tools learning group.
Personal configuration for my Arch Linux system
(NOT STARTED) Yet Another (probably) Album art fetching tool
The Logger is a simple program that I created for logging activity throughout the day in a simple text file.
Modified version of Zend. In the future, this repo should go away and be a fork of Zend.
A collection of handy C# Extension Methods.
Reusable code
my personal blog
CodeKata - working my way up to black belt on coding and programming
dp-python

overleap.js is a small JavaScript library to add blank space at the bottom of a webpage. With overleap.js, your visitors can scroll/page your website in a more native way.
A small, simple Windows Twitter client built using WPF
Code for "What Would You Do?" talk
Some useful tutorial about new technologies
to study git  command 
various configuration files that are used day-to-day bettering the throughput
Simple backup utility
My Master's Thesis, in LaTeX format
My first ruby on rails app!
GUC Project
Simple implementation of the memory filesystem for the Java 7 NIO Filesystem API
Easy online photo backup and albums.
Jonathan Rascher's resume
Intro to jQuery presentation

An old-school sample HTML text generator

Faster testing rake task
My *nix Dot Files
small code snippets
Exploring node.js with the goal of creating a simple chat server
A copy of my bash profile for anyone who cares to take a look
Simple script that allows you to put a limit on the number of words in a textarea field
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application
A Sample application using the new Android Beam feature in Android 4.0+ that relays a message to another device
My tumblr theme.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application
Impulse is a small, dynamic object-oriented language that aims to have simple syntax and semantics. It also aims to be lightweight, reflective and open, and easily embeddable.
A small app for scraping Wikipedia to find elderly Michigan alums
Example Rails project for use with the GithubCodeFixer project
Html Guide for the "Chaos macht Schule"-Project in DD, Germany
Test Driven JavaScript
SQL script to insert UK county names into simple table
vim setting & plugins
Light colorscheme for GUI Vim
My experimental fork of GPSEE
A collection of bash scripts that ease the use of screen sharing through SSH
University Work
practice
Small web experiments. Testing various APIs and JS libraries.
Emacs epackage extension's Yellow Pages (packages' sources list)

Small helper script for importing MySQL databases.
university project

A mobile first, fluid grid framework
A PhoneGap demo app for conference

collection of programming puzzle I solved/tried to solved.
Twitter authorization example in Yii framework
bbsnode is a simple BBS like 2ch based on node.js,Express,Redis
Test git
Some HTML snippets, boilerplate etc. used by me / Valued Standards

This is a demo for nodejs's mongoose
Demo blog de Ruby on rails
A super simple web app that removes non-ASCII chars from pasted text. Written in Clojure/Noir.
Tool to deploy sites and apps using git at Dahnielson.com

Personal Web Site
copy of sources in Test-Driven Javascript Development written by Christian Johansen
Scheme Testing Suite
My dotfiles



A simple example demonstrating Cucumber-JVM using Java Step Definitions
DEPRECATED - Follow Link for New Project
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample application
...than money. Simple money tracking app.
my dotfiles
Meet Vertexer, a simple 3D grid with which you can place paths in: 3D. Vertexer has vim-like controls and functionality. It also includes a library to generate POV-Ray files.
my first php project

The first app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
A collection of JavaScript libraries
A collection of Builder pattern related tools
first repository
Vim package, including vim config file and plugins
vim files
Testing

my solutions to project euler problems
Demo application
Simple traffic simulation with cars behaviours. Languages used: Lua and C (graphics library - Allegro5)
Implementation of bruce blowfish cipher.
Repository for my progress on Learn Ruby Hard Way book excersises
Code used in Lockwood Weinzierl 2011
A small Google Chrome extension that prepends the week number to each calendar row.
My Vim Stuff
A configuration set created for users new to FreeSWITCH. It doesn't expose what FreeSWITCH is truly capable of, but I hope new users won't get scared with this configuration set.
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
just a simple paperclip use example with rails3
A simple text-based adventure game. A Practice lisp program.
FastDB is a single PHP navigation script for Fast and Simple MySQL and PostgreSQL databases.
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application
small and simple gearman monitor


Basic Learning
My ubuntu config settings that I usually use setting up a new vm or machine
My solutions to Project Euler problems in Lisp and Haskell (for learning purposes)

make any drupal node type biddable. Does not tie into any payment system. More for a small organization keeping track of payments by themselves.
A collection of Flash Card Decks for use with the Anki SRS system
ManageR-plugin (QGIS) fork that includes soRvi-specific GUI goodies
My CV/Resume and its LaTeX template
Config files, my way.
Simple site monitor using hookio hooks
Simple perlin noise implementation (1D)
A fork of http://www.devbridge.com/projects/autocomplete/jquery/. Added a callback function after each ajax call completes.
simple download accelerator/splitter written in c
*deprecated* My MacPorts
Economy plugin for tracking market prices and setting server store prices
Doing Project Euler in F# for my personal growth in the language.
Mini web app to make icalendar files of course schedules at Queen's University.
A super simple mock for testing new monitoring concepts.
\N
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
University project writen in C#
My Dotfiles
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Ruby in Rails sample application
the well-known eight queens problem coded in JAVA.
The mobile portal page prototype is an implementation of a simple Wikipedia home page for portable devices.
PHP Test Test Program
Very simple and minimalist backend for a blog engine


Scripts for installing Node.js on different platforms
Tool to publish posts on a Wordpress blog from the command line.
API documentation for spinoff
Few config files
A tool for generating valid HTML sites via the command line. Like a blog, but harder to use.
my dotfiles
Octopus Replication Example
Pulling from https://github.com/mapbox/carto/tree/master/build/vim-carto
Projeto de git do custo on-line
Small script I use to extract rar archives

theme template of my blog built upon emlog. 
Conf Puppet Client
My blog

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Enables user friendly and powerful front end testing of web applications with minimum required effort to implement.
Simple game to help you practice your hiragana memorisation

New sample application from tutorial book
Sandbox for playing around with the MINE tool.
Efficient Vim
Testing environment for the OpenJUMP GIS.
school.hh.ru-java-stdlib translation to Python.
Project / Task management as simple as it can be
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample application
Add some additional filtering to calendar on My Page
Following Rails3 Tutorial
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demo application 
A small commandline program to search the occurrence and cooccurence of words in a given file.

Simple PHP MVC
Sources from the tutorial "create an facebook Tab app"
Ruby on Rails tutorial demo application
Virtual font files for Courier extra weights and variants in TeX
a rails sample app
My config files
Site covering HTML/Javascript banner to blackout any website.
A Ruby on Rails application example
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Sample repo to demonstrate possible bug in Clojure protocols
Google Reader clone with pluggable sharing and favorites
My resume in Latex
Iuid a simple uid generator and storage
My dot files.
GitHub clone for Digaboard to apply some small fixes


my linux dotfiles


Programmatically generate documentation for your Puppet Modules
Git tutorial
Repository of demos for testing all manner of scenarios
This is a practice repo since I am new to all this
A ruby-gem that makes adding method calls before/after methods simple
A git mirror of ctms-common's canonical subversion repository
Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample Application

blank rails project with fave gems and settings as a starting point...
This is the notes I created for learning git from trainings etc
for testing JSON based apiRequest()'s
learning iOS
Simple example of using the Graph API on the client side for Pluralsight
Download and makeup program guides of a few channels for the next week
test with Engine Yard
DEPRECATED since 5.4.2. Nuxeo Platform High Availability
php code
Ruby on Rails Tutorial demonstration application
School papers
A simple secure chat written in c++ 


Modified version of Arclight theme for MythTV
My github landing page, for what it's worth. 

Blur content on the page to quickly gauge proximity and alignment
Contains javascript file to be included in your webpage where dynamic element is being created. It has a function which does it all.

A simple web server writing in javascript using the node wrapper for V8 engine 
\N
Major Ursa Dev Site
git repository for FoneMonkey with minor changes for our project
The Ruby on Rails Tutorial first application

Tornado based Asterisk Manager Interface event dispatcher
A Rails Tutorial demo app (using Scaffolding) 
Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Some scripts I'm making in PHP to solve number theory problems.  They'll be linked together on my website.
Pyramid plugin for HTTP Basic access authentication
Persistent session data in CGI applications
some Python projects I am writing to learn Python based off Marty Stepp's 143 Python lectures and assignments.
Blocks of Maven dependencies, for quickly adding dependencies to projects
Spatial tests on PostGIS based on OpenStreetMap data
Ruby on Rails tutorial Demo Application
Nginx config files for Dahnielson.com
 BXR is an open source, ruby on rails file management system.
A Completely Javascript framework

An Implementation for a simple educational system using java, intended to contain all major concepts and techniques in the language. This is originally a homework for third year students in Damascus University.

Complex example of GIT Cherry picking
An interactive POSIX shell tutorial.
Another possible direction for the ISIS project
My first github app
simple programming language written in Java
Simple text ignoring on Android. Free to modify and redistribute and mangle and slaughter, just don't impersonate Outer Earth Interactive.
Source for building an experimental Debian package of the NetCDF Java library
A simple algebraic computation system written in F#.
Some small examples on how to use buildr.apache.org
 Yes, precious, false! They will cheat you, hurt you, LIE. 
Ruby on Rails Tutorial: sample application

general area for new code
Collection of plugins to use with the goomba stomp one.
all my configuration files
Code. Creating backup and version controlling it across branches. Pushing to work across machines. 
Push to Server

testing the integration of a calendar application and google maps in django
Exercises from Programming in Scala 2nd Ed.


simple watchdog

Main documentation for Participant Scheduling System

Web app for managing files on my server
Collection of userscripts 

MIUI v4 Ukraine Translation
a simple twitter alike system (tas) build upon springMVC and cassandra
My own little framework
r code for analysis of jw file
Open source javascript & wordpress plugin
PFC documentation
The source code of my personal page
Yet another implementation of a notify system in Mootools

An efficient, persistent, union-find data structure.
test
HBase Manager provides a simple GU Interface to interact with HBase Database. With HBM we can do all the basic actions like Table Create/Alter/Drop/Truncate and Data Modifications like Insert/Delete/Update.  The Scan Operation can be fully customized with
A test ( it means my investigation ) for WebIntents
Backup scripts for Linux using rsync
Attempt to create simple android application for taking picture of 3d object
Testing for different HTTP push technologies
A clojure port of the regular expression matcher designed by Rob Pike and described by Brian Kernighan in the book "Beautiful Code".
Just a sandbox of random cruft while I learn git
Battlegrounds for mozilla.com work (mirror of http://svn.mozilla.org/projects/mozilla.com/)
iOS App
my config
Documentation for the Grid'5000 API
A simple NER component that uses prefix-tree to build the recognition dictionary.

My vim config
config files
private stuff for test, temp storage
My VIM dot files
Making markdown text files pretty. This is pretty much a clone of https://github.com/sanand0/markdress so the credit should go to him. I was surprised at how easy it was to implement in node.
metabolomic website interface
Collection of shell scripts to provide extra nifty features for client side subversion usage.
the first app for ruby on rails tutorial
Keeps dot files under version control
Provides user authentication with Google, Facebook, Twitter, Yahoo and LinkedIn via OAuth or OAuth2 as well as multifactor authentication with Google Authenticator
Fit reinforcement learning models to behavioral data
mainly used as Maven repository
Stuff which I collect and use in daily basis and not related to any specific projects

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
\N

CoffeeScript code for example applications of "Professional XMPP Programming with JavaScript and jQuery"
Backup documents stored on www.e-boks.dk
Simple classes, scripts and functions that I write for Scala
node.js client for st9
personal twit backup website

my dot files
Projects for Mobile Computing

my fvwm config
Large file storage with Git
My emacs config
Playing with Java on the Cedar Stack
Rails tutorial project
Fills in html forms with default values and errors a la htmlfill for Python
Fork of http://www.technipelago.se/content/technipelago/blog/44
My Chef repo for developing cookbooks related to HPC and scientific computing
iyanski's page
fork of master branch from git://slackbuilds.org/slackbuilds.git (read more on wiki). If you want to fork do it only with master (the other branches are temporary and are always rebased on master). alternative interface http://cgit.ponce.cc/slackbuilds/

OpenDocument parser for cakePHP 2.xx
A simple library of Java language utilities
Just a simple jQuery plugin to mimic the "Back to Top" feature of WordPress.com. Looking to rewrite with Vanilla JS
Bootstrap (Initializr version) with basic PHP view routing.
Simple Sublime Text 2 / GitX integration plugin
a collection of text shotcuts for tech industry stock quotes, with a focus on Asia.
set of scripts to install development software on to a vanilla Ubuntu installation
GitHub pages repo
Simple finite state machines in Python

Fork of Jeff Sharkey's script to highlight Android adb logcat output for the console.
A very basic Profiler to show mySQL query activity in a PHP application
Github mirror of MediaWiki extension CategorySortHeaders - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)
A collection of config files I'd like to keep in sync
Polyfills forEach for ES6 Map and Set

This repo has moved to https://github.com/projectbismark/bismark-packages
My dotfiles et al

Ruby on Rails Tutorial sample application
Defines of the java-api-complete.vim for android.
TurtleBot Documentation for ROS Groovy
Github decoration. Just for fun
Allows content to be submitted using Markdown, a simple plain-text syntax that is transformed into valid HTML. http://drupal.org/project/markdown
Maven Repository

blog
Gnuplotting wordpress theme
A shared space for working on an open standard around food and food business related data.

A small collaboration with users of http://codegolf.stackexchange.com.

Personal Vim plugin extension
Perl Script - A quick little perl backup wrapper for s3cmd sync
A test app for RoboSpice, see https://groups.google.com/d/topic/robospice/2UY_qprgPx4/discussion
A demo app created in 2008 on the Android 1.x SDK to test/demonstrate the built-in accelerometer in a T-Mobile G1 phone. Detects when the phone is dropped and plays an "ahhhh" scream sound. When free-fall stops, it plays a "phew" sound. Should work on lat
Directory structure and template files for starting a new WordPress theme or child theme.
Front-end Web Development Project 2: Online Resume
My vim configuration.
Startup theme for WordPress projects

Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/cluster-cloc

Front-end Web Development Nanodegree Project 4: Performance fixes
My dot files
An example of how to use your finger to blur some parts of an UIImage
 Web frontend for MPD and Mopidy 
Unofficial mirror of hg.libsdl.org/SDL_mixer. Updated daily.
Personal recipe site based on Jekyll, hosted on BitBalloon and built with Travis CI
Custom github pages for Windgazer
A set of scripts that will rapidly deploy Ubuntu servers / desktops to my personal liking
A collection of scripts and configurations to customize the bash environment.
basicqtskills-Lodifice created by Classroom for GitHub


my first repository
Small library to copy images from a remove host to local mashine.

This is my research area for hypermedia



Small site to check out metalsmith, with continuous deployment on netlify.
my git test
my website

This is a required repository for the Launch School curriculum. It is intended to be a repo to store your solutions to chapter exercises to show the TA's during assessments.
practicing git of codeschoool
Sample C++ application that demonstrates list vs vector.




Belated attempt to solve Advent of Code 2015
Simple clear Event Dispatcher, compatible with Symfony Events

Storing various test code from Python courses - use at your own risk
Documentation sur AVR_Atmel (Wiring/arduino)
Personal website.

A sample app from "Mastering iOS Frameworks". Demonstrates Core Location, MapKit and GeoFencing.
This is a test to check the CD setting in Azure from GitHub

Building a Website with Node.js and Express tutorial
This is a repository for my personal website.  

A collection of code and projects for the RaspberryPi
CPT375 CakePHP Assignment 2015
A simple demo repository to show the basic git workflow
A gpk.io sample package


My resume
A Project From Things Learned From Chrome Dev Summit 2015

Basic Login Page with JavaScript Encryption
Most used C++ classes
This is a easy simple way to start any react projects or playgrounds. Just follow the README.md and enjoy
A PHP implementation of CoinPayments API wrapped up into a simple to use class.
HomePage For My Portfolio And Work.

Yu Research Group Website
A simple and effective README.md template for all your github projects.
Example NodeJS Web Server from Udemy

A simple javascript router written in pure javascript and prototypes
An example React application (with test)
A simple interactive text-based assistant to demonstrate common API uses.
This repo contains an iPython notebook which generates PDF pages of small labels for pinned insect specimens from data stored in an iNaturalist project.
A repository created following the tutorial: https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/
Demo for the <ng2-markdown> component

Code that demonstrates C# concepts

My dotfiles

First repository
this is my attempt to redesign the existing homepage for placesbrands dot com and make it responsive
Collection of Powershell Code - most in development

I'm creating an overhead 2D Adventure game as a learning process
I've created this repository to experiment with Git -- no useful content is included in this repository.


Final Project for UC Berkeley iOS Development Class


just another repository
Cs229 and CS221 project, Stanford, 2015



Brick breaker clone written in Javascript. Uses pixi.js and Tink libraries. #breakout #game

Yet another react components pack

A ruby linked list implementation
Second version of my personal portfolio site
Simple lock-based leader "election" system daemon written in Go, using DynamoDB

This repository contains all the programs I have created in Java and C using Data Structures
sky's blog
Exercises from "The Go Programming Language"


Examples for using JohnnyFive to program GPIO of single board computers.

A translation of Apple's sample code PocketCoreImage into Swift
Dotfiles to be managed by stow.
Personal Website
This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.

Errata from Introduction to Real Analysis by DePree and Swartz

My attempt at creating a procedurally generated rogue-like
A small collection of methods to perform math operations on colors


things I don't want to forget
Learning android studio and git
A simple chrome extension to log the time spent on each webpage.
Personal Anchor-cms theme
random tidbits as i work through perl6intro's syntax & features intro
copy paste to new comps for env on terminal sheel
Final year UG project
For practice, I created this subscription-based Ruby on Rails web application utilizing ecommerce and software as a service models.





Multipart resume site


following the git hub demo on udemy
This repository is for created for learning Python. 
A personal clone of the HLStats project source code. Use the `1.65` tag for the last stable release.
The sample app from the Ruby on Rails Tutorial




Version control of my code as I work through Accelerated C++, a book by Koenig and Moo.

 Repository to keep track of solved programming problems
new couchcms pages
Projects Homepage
A simple 3D face alignment and warping demo.

my own dotfiles 

A very basic example of how smart pointers prevent memory leaks for educational/introductory purposes.
my dotfiles
This is my blog
webdev projects, exercises, and miscellaneous memes

Clone of Ahmia search engine

Learning React.js


github pages repo
Documentation repo for Zhibaihe packages.

Miscellaneous personal and academic projects. Multiple languages.

A script made up of the work of several different minds used to read a .csv file to SSH into Cisco IOS devices and tftp their configs to a remote server. Requires PyCrypto, Paramiko, and Python 3. With some small modifications can be used to fully automat
Just a demo on how to use Spring Boot to reverse engineer a MYSQL database


Test repo
repo for my course
2016-1-2, token will expire 120 months, fetch-youbike-to-firebase

This is an example site for the Intro to Front-end Web Development Course at The Flatiron School.

A terminal session with the host running SPJS. As of version 1.87 of SPJS you can send/receive basic terminal commands to host operating system. This widget is a front-end UI for the terminal from ChiliPeppr.


A basic geometry package written in Go
My first attempt at React Native. A simple guessing game using the Etsy API.
This repo will contain information on the process of doing data science; it is primarily gauged at people new to data science.

profile and dot files for linux

A fork of https://github.com/agoldst/tex adding support for the modern beamer theme (https://github.com/matze/mtheme)

Setup with Express and React in ES6 with webpack and nodemon with basic Login and Database
Developer documentation for Integratingfactor.com
mnkartik personal blogging website
Project of Alura Spring MVC course




Google Homepage Clone



Just another repository

practice code everyday
How to create custom replication agents in AEM using Akamai as an example.


Sample module for adding custom category attribute to Magento 2
source code for my personal blog

ruby on rails tutorial

repo that contains C projects that I've worked on
Simple follow-along repo for a udacity.com course on git

A translation of Apple's sample code HeadsUpUI into Swift

basic AngularJS seed app for use with AT&T Drive UI Kit


Dota2 cfg config
Repository for my dev environment dotfiles
new start
A collection of my Project Euler solutions
Udacity Machine Learning NanoDegree Projects

LLVM learning.
personal solutions for Advent Of Code 2015
A simple podcast system made with Rails.
[Test Github again]
like: `Either<Option<T>,Error>>`, the type of data in finite streams, amongst other things

first rails app for udemy course
My files for the course "Front-End JavaScript Frameworks: AngularJS" on Coursera.
First Push
First Repository
Google Breakpad fork for Unvanquished with jon.turney's MinGW support patches.
For proposed Node.js Testing Working Group. Hopefully can be moved to nodejs org before too long...



Normal the rasppi setting and config 


Personal website template
My quick solutions with Erlang for Advent of Code 2015
demo
Joomla Framework Testing
https://github.com/celluloid/celluloid

hello world test program





A typescript clone of the brauhaus.js brewing library
test code of customer register and staff list, ect by phpand Mysql
Sample repo for workshop purpose
Java game. Created to practice project development, OOP principles, etc
My portfolio page v2
Just another repository
Very simple C# 6.0 console application to merge all MP3 files within a directory into a MP3 file with the same name.
Example of web server node.js
An app that runs jmeter scripts programatically created for demonstration purpose. 
Welcome repo for ReviewNinja to help you get started. Feel free to delete when you're done, we won't take it personally.

Practical Example for Vulnerable Web Application
Some documentation for modding Duck Game.
material reddit clone
This is a simple library that allows you to decorate functions with a string, and execute that function if the string is spoken.
A fairy generic SOAP Service and Client with a handlers used for the authentication process (on both sides). Avoid using a database to keep it simple.

First github repository



Online backup datastore of all my programs. Feel free to rummage through :)

Solving Advent of Code 2015 in Ruby
test



iOs9 Swift 2 - Learning 
Solution to hackerrank programming questions -> PHP
CRE's Vim Configuration Files

Ansible playbook for setting up a Linux dev machine for web development
Make new repos through git!
Vagrant Lamp stack for project work
A responsive resume

This is my first program in github

In this repository have only html and css files for login, sign up and a Chating Form..


Basic Numeric Operations and Functions for Swift (Based on Accelerate Framework)
Github Tutorial 
A Plex Media Server docker image.
Final assignment for Cousera "Responsive Website Basics: Code with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript" class
project 1 for android nanodegree program 
Collection of cmd scripts to install deployment tools on an Azure website
A sample flask blog
Simple SPA example with Rails+Redux+React+Router+Webpack

App made by learning Michael Hartl's Rails Tutorial.

prjects of our labs in Buaa University


My first repository on GitHub
Just Uporoted Production
Simple Console Rogue-Like for personal interest



This is my blog of hexo's version
Codes for my tests about Kaggle "Digit Recognizer" https://www.kaggle.com/c/digit-recognizer

web site project repository

Repository of Coding Katas at http://codekata.com/
Github mirror of "mediawiki/extensions/SpellingDictionary" - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing)
C# Style Guide


learn git



To use in the course for learning Android

The simple but versatile Text Reader for UWP
Test of the github pages

My own self blog and content for your Data Analytics Learning



Projects webspace
Sample Django project using Visual Studio 2015 and Google App Engine SDK


the first project i post online
Early projects for Storytime Interactive.
Firmware for a Midi Keyboard I built using my 3D Printer and a Teensy 3.2

Planning save all my IoT samples here.

Simple socket.io application
Remote repo to help me test out my Github skills
Sample applications for my blog
Sample 4
A package with Frederik Hjorth's personal R code 

A slightly more advanced hello world on kubernetes. The goal is to show how you can set up a eventstore cluster with kubernetes.
My first repository on Github.
My local configurations for extending thoughtbot/dotfiles.
Zheng's blog created by Hexo
A simple Resume Template
Here I will commit c++ coding practice things


Eloquent Java Script Exercises
Playing around with the php 

Detecting communities in Facebook ego-networks - Project for the "Statistical Analysis of Network Data" course by Eric Kolaczyk at ENSAE ParisTech (visiting professor from Boston University)
Trying to learn some basic Python
Simple App using Flux Architecture and React (ES5)
Sammelsorium of code used in various projects



My Resume

advance ruby projects


A simple event system for Minecraft Client
My current vim config
Several mini-projects for the Machine Learning course at ENSAE ParisTech
C programming
A simple windows script for python that allows for grouping together of programs to all be opened with a simple click or two
Some of the information from Bible.



My first repository on GitHub.



nothing at all

This is clone of the Tinder app with basic functionality, using Parse and Facebook SDK.


demo for angular js
tryout mojoio before integrating it with your workflow.

Simple guide explaining how to generate a h.248/megaco parser



A simple Java app to keep all places you visit I made when I started to learn to code for Android and I have refactored with Eclipse refactoring tools.

My code for Algorithmic Thinking course, Rice University @ Coursera
My practice  
for my practice
just test

A few sample bots and scrapers. 
Github-Repo for my personal website
A simple node app to start a web server to serve HTTP files
Making the Demo from Video "Mastering Git" PACKT




Repo for The Meteor Chef - Building a User Admin Tutorial
Simple rest client python class

Sample Size Calculator




This is a sample on Backtory's back-end as a service product for Unity.
Personal website for LENG Mei.
Udemy React Tutorial
A mod that offers a base for building fastest like maps.


just test
Simple app (15KB) to launch Storage Settings directly from the apps drawer
test


Learning book "The Python Standard Library by Example"

This is a small class that allows you to decode the Google Polyline Format.
Example App using the Google Polyline Decoding


Web based document about MongoDB, including some examples with the java driver
First Githud Repository Trail
Small tools writed by myself
Personal videography site based on Jekyll, hosted on BitBalloon and built with Travis CI

A hello world example for pygame. The game displays a box that can be moved around with arrow keys.
My express.js web application based on rouxmeet example.
Docker for githubpages development
My website



The repository contains recipes I like to share with my friend

A set of scripts that I maintain and use on my systems.  You mgiht find them useful too.
My first repository on GitHub.
A windows most simple engine made with C++ & DirectX
Test


Test
Full website example.


A simple Bash shell script that merges a branch with the master and develop branches.
For Udacity "How to Use Git and GitHub" class
Conslutation Reservation Mangement System, requirment of software engineering subject. Multimedia Univeristy. January 2016.
R Course - Program Assignment 3
steam backup covers
Une demo de git
testing VNC
practice with peer programming. (Worked with Ben)
A page to display my profile using HTML, CSS and BOOTSTRAP
my website



vm,Cloud,storage
Playing with test programming questions that Amazon asked my brother in an interview.

Take notes while learning about web design and IT


A simple ecommerce website created with PHP and Python. Currently under Development

my-vim setting

I've started using GABBI to test my web application, but I've found it a little difficult to get into.


Treehouse tech degree Project 2
Practice files related to my study of "The C Programming Language"
My RapidMiner Extension
Python scripts from 'Programming the Raspberry Pi' Simon Monk (2016)
To work through the tutorial
FRC 2016 Source Code
School
Just a small unity project with no real purpose but testing stuff

http://mywebappe.azurewebsites.net
Google App Engine and Spring MVC example project


takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website



Stopwords collection of Bahasa Indonesia collected from many sources.
A simple JavaScript library to manage colors.


getting started with github

The first tutorial of Angular2 Beta using Visual Studio

My submission for the google code in task.


Repository to test remote branch deletion.
Just another repository

Private school project/assignment



Will be a clone of the original Boulder Dash game

An instant messaging app created in Meteor for a Coursera course.
Examples of redux usage and patterns from the egghead.io course 
My First Rails App
My version of the Javascript Chess Engine, created from watching video series provided by http://www.bluefever.net/Chess/index.html

This is the demo of isomorphic webapp using React + NodeJS
Modules with diferent purposes for android projects.

Example Scala programs demonstrating the use of different monads to query and work with the github api.
Playground repo for iOS Stanford course
Personal technical blog


A simple chat system written in NodeJS using Sockets and Connect
Personal Blog

My New Repo
Personal Site


My fst repo
Web object inspector used to automate testing software with Selenium 



General Assembly - Learning Java
My site/blog/portfolio
Basic commerce website
A Minecraft Mod that allows you to have tools and armor made of bedrock.

Project for Algorithmics course. Bloom and Cuckoo filters used for remembering elements added to list.
gci task: https://codein.withgoogle.com/dashboard/task-instances/6501030917308416/?sp-page=1


Stockmarket demo app build with ionic framework and firebase

This repo contains the information for a new fresher training
NodeJS tutorial project

My Spring Batch Examples
Fork of the espruino MQTT module
Irish School transitions as Sankey Diagrams
Files for the REACH High Spring 2016 course: Intro to Web Design Using Bootstrap
A sample repo for use in creating new storage modules for Botkit
Scripts for building a basic Linux system, based on Linux From Scratch http://www.linuxfromscratch.org/
An example of using emacs org mode (babel/tangle) to set up a docker shell session and generate/run an image.
resume repository

Because origin Hacker News website is so ugly, so I gonna spend my weekends build another web client using React + Redux + Webpack + Material UI just for fun.
the  tutorial to learn c programming language.
dotfiles

a pomodoro timer written in Python


Notes for 'RxJS - Javascript library for functional reactive programming' book ( http://xgrommx.github.io/rx-book/ )
This repository is created just to understand how a repository is to be created in GitHub.

A sample project to learn angular js
Practice programming problems on LeetCode
Golang forms library. It's meant to be for personal use, but if you like it you can use it.
Fullforms is a simple RESTful API which will give you access to lots of fullforms and meanings of shortforms via simple http request.


A dumping ground for old projects I wrote for my undergrad at The University of Pittsburgh. Nostalgia, youth, poor variable naming. It's all here.

Repository for TCC6440
A simple balloon popper game for toddlers built using the concepts explained in "Mastering Android Game Development"
This repository is about to practice programs from HackerRank.
My latest MVC project
my dotfiles
My JWM config setup (Installs some Xfce components)
basic angularjs search app repo
This is for learning Git and GitHub

Repo for my Advanced databases assignment. Almost finished anyway but I want the timestamp before submission 
Programs created during first year at University of Maryland
New test repo


simple data access framework written in java
Just a fun multiplayer battleship game...for fun.
Swift 2 implementation of the Stanford iOS course's graphing calculator assignment


A practice social site, built using the MEAN stack
My solutions for the project euler problems written in C/C++.
Simple dynamic Node.js application built using Treehouse course
Simple "Hello, World" app with Angular 2 beta

Machine learning library and projects in matlab
Archive of little projects I've made to play with new languages (computer and human) or work through a text.

app for testing 
My /etc dir backup
A PHP sample showing how to extract viewables from the Autodesk OSS storage to your local machine

My first Pokedex had a lot of merge issues so I created a new repository to work with
Docker image for compiling Java webapps and deploying to installed Tomcat
A practice Django app for naming imaginary animals
first tutorial
Irwin Brady's Text, as of the end of 2015.
Toy example of D3 used for making a browser game. Hits performance limitation pretty fast. 

A simple busy indicator which can be trigger from any child or navigated page in react native application
My practice from books
UHC documentation (split off from UHC repo)
My backup of configs in $HOME
Code written when reading https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/
testing repository
First android app (Button, basic stopwatch)
Small project as exercise for school


Docker images for physical computing (Raspberry Pi 2 GPIO)
The source code for my Android app, Wave Runner

Personal Home Page
KGViewSeparators is a small helper library that helps to quickly insert separators into a view. No subclassing required!

My custom dotfiles, using ZSH





MVC PHP Build based on JREAM Tutorial
This is a simple C# program that find the average of an array and the highest and lowest value of an array with the help of functions

Documentation (Python tutorial and how to use Reeborg) in multiple languages

Android app to display the contents of your Google Calendar on a Simple Nook eReader (although it should also work on other Android based eReaders).
My final project for ECE241 (U of T). It's a single-player version of the arcade game "Pong" implemented in Verilog.
My dot emacs
Apache Docker image with SSL turned on and a configurable ServerName.
Hadoop tasks repository for Parallel and Distributed Computing course at MIPT 2015



List of Opinion Words (positive/negative) in Bahasa Indonesia for Sentiment Analysis.
Testing specific features of https://github.com/miekg/dns
style guide for New England VegFest
My dotfiles
This is an example site for the intro to Front-end Web Development Course at Flatiron School.
some fun experiments



Personal blog

Simple quiz app
Some my C and C++ code examples which I made during study new technology.
A very basic hands on Android Kitkat
This is the 4th App for the course


Simple Magento 2 module that shows uses of Controller, Block & Template.
See YouTube: https://github.com/michaelbiafore/RemoteExample.git

i am using this repo to test atom editor behaviour
A simple Spam mail filter using Naive Bayes Classification method

This repo contains the codes that I write for learning the MEAN full stack framework

A POC project to demonstrate android List View
This is the first app we built in the iOS course


billboard demo
Collection of homework assignments, papers and source code created while earning BS at the Evergreen State College

develop react-redux to learning any more
My first repository on GitHub

Setting up a new Mac
Assignment from freecodecamp.org, to create a small api microservice that parses the requesting browser's header and returns os, ip address, and language. http://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/basejump-request-header-parser-microservice
Few react components to compare github stars evolution of popular github repositories
My practice of testing website payoneer.com using howitzer cucumber.

A collection of the files for a sample website about wolves. It does not work.
A lightweight Node/Angular2 app to let my friends and family know what foods I can eat
Setting up sprites and platform controls in easeljs
Example web server from node.js developer course
linux dotfiles managed via gnu stow



Following along http://c.learncodethehardway.org
A simple example of an app created using Ransack and Rex.
A list of papers I read in 2016

I created a java Selenium Maven project to practice testing techniques for myself using JUnit to check if the automated test pass or fail
I'm experimenting react native. This project is work in progress...


Local sandbox for mucking around with Docker. Requires Vagrant and VirtualBox.
Karma Landing Page Clone

Just a repo for me donking around with hapi/react
Test program 

A simple i18n translation and localization library for React+Fluxible applications.




Simple Docker image for testing SSL certificates
Intro and Next Steps in Foundation
A Wurm server side mod for Ago's launcher wich add a spell to bind spirits to boats to speed them up (also a shameless ripoff of BagOfHolding by Ago)
Backup copies for various projects i  fiddle with.

Resources for the Sonic Interaction Design Course HS 2015
Very basic implementation of personal site built with Django
Source code for my blog

Our first app

Drools project, PUT
Shite I make while being really bored


This repository contains the Python code for machine learning algorithms. (With and Without SCIKIT)

Just my dotfiles...
Test javascript libraries using Mocha and Chai
An example to show how to develop tomcat-based WebSocket application on Heroku
Jupyter/Ipython notebooks for physical chemistry course
Example of how to use unit tests in angularjs
student-management-system-javax-swing-project
I have created a demo interview app using Meteorjs and Kurento. Sample 5 interview questions are there. Once the user clicks on start button, he /she can see see a question which has  to answered within 3 minutes or else it will disappear. Kurento media s
Project for Data Structures course
Program for testing Classifiers implemented in Weka using Cross-validation
First Test Repo

An example of a blog written in Ruby on Rails
Finagle practice

:wrench: My usual Jekyll set up

practice with git and github

The repo for my work in Responsive Web Design Fundamentals. 
Github Page
Small web app with example of components creation with reactJS

Small educational scripts to teach programming, some math, possibly some physics.
Python course
HTML Template Engine
Very simple Java RMI application for education
First Repository
compiler I wrote for University class
Test CL capabilities and means to use them
UDP flooder written in python 2
Common configuration settings repository for APM services

A personal guide on how to get started making games by Jonathan Topf
An Ansible role that installs and configures PHP for Ubuntu Trusty (14.04). 
Template repository for building Ansible roles off of, including good unit testing and documentation.



first contact

Code for Django Girls website tutorial

Sample repository for Git Tutorials
A translation of Apple's sample code Using UIImagePickerController to Select Pictures and Take Photos into Swift





The Odin Project - google-homepage

Simple tool for setting up reminders. Works in the background, allows to create/modify/delete reminders and their reoccurences. Application created in VS 2015.  Feel free to contribute.
Sublime Text plugin for simple and easy SASS / SCSS compilation.
Using HTML and JS Create the Standard Animation Practice of Making a Ball Bounce
A simple web todo list application employing jQuery, CSS and HTML

Small database based on local .json files
This is my Learn.ModernDeveloper repository, as I traverse Career Path 3!


A work for any sized group of megaphones
This is a repository for random (but useful) functions I have created.
Mi first application created using Ruby on Rails.

Code from Commodity Algorithms and Data Structures: Simple and Useful, 2nd Edition by Dmytro Kedyk 
Notes, files, examples for News Hack Arizona
A basic project with chai mocha testing
simple project for teaching kids to program

Course site for DESN-368

Configuration for vim, bash, and other programs.








These are the PHP files developed while completing Treehouse's PHP Development Course
My personal website source code.
Simple RESTful Api Framework for go


A simple encrypted password manager created with node-js
My First jquery lab
An excerpt from my Summer 2015 REU project with the BU Bioinformatics Department (BRITE REU).
Yet ANother Todo app
See blog post: http://jaysoo.ca/2016/01/03/managing-processes-in-redux-using-sagas/
Ansible Role to install nzbtomedia postprocessing scripts

A collection of links of my preferred web tooling.
Simple application to take notes
Final Project for the CS225 Computer Science/Java class
Collection of Exercises & Projects from Eloquent Javascript online book




a website playground with bugs for QA testing




Basic Calculator made during summer

Medium clone built with Ruby on Rails
Portfolio page made using flexbox, srcset, and Gulp. Also, Udacity project 1.
This is my Learn.ModernDeveloper repository, as I traverse Career Path 3!
A simple BaseN Encoding/Decoding library.

Just some basic server shiet to mess around with

A simple space invaders game written in es6

My exercises with web-services and git.

My vim config
Cyclone V GX FPGA demo
A look at how to build a simple order book using C++,with testing being done using Google Test


A simple project that uses Service Workers and PouchDB for an offline experience.
Debian debhelpers fork

This is the first app built in the iOS course


react demons
Simple way to create ebooks from a set of markdown files.
Basic server status information delivered via REST

Mirror copy of the Debian packaging of python-q


Resume for David R Prothero in Bootstrap and Angular.js
personal site and blog
Online demo site

This repository contains the EmulationStation theme "Carbon"
GitHub clone of SVN repo http://trac-hacks.org/svn/sumstatsplugin (cloned by http://svn2github.com/)
git clone of sybrenstubel's flickapi hg repo (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi/)
Advanced lesson in iOS 9 Devslopes class about auto layout and constraints in Xcode.

Super simple (static) web service to grab VAT rates for all EU Member States, in preparation of the new 2015 VAT regulation.
takes list of courses needed and tells you what to take next quarter based on ICS course listing website
a free and open-source calculus textbook
Example script - how to use the ESP8266 as IoT device

fast.js is a simple, tested, ready-to-used javascript algorithm library for any node.js and browser.
Pragmatic testing ebook
Functional programming training based on "Functional Programming in Scala" book by Paul Chiusano and Runar Biarnason
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/fb2mobi

Sagittarius fork
Personal utilities for building PyPhi networks that need to be large and/or malleable. 

A simple patch-server for games and apps based on HTTP and file hashes.
A test of semantic lexicon decoding





Bin-Build is a small shell script to simplify compiling source file in C, C++ and Objective-C.

fork of gojsonreference with support for structs
Scripts that I have made over time
Source code of my Jekyll-based website
My personal vim files.
This repository has been deprecated, please use one of the separate ANDS application-specific software repositories listed at: http://github.com/au-research/

Mirror svn repo of T2 Sde project

Official repo is in bitbucket: https://bitbucket.org/sillsdev/l10nsharp

.vim configurations
Just a bit of code I would like to share. For example my server side Google Analytics tracker written in PHP.
A demo twilio node app, using just the low-level HTTP APIs
pure data external to synthesize text to an array with espeak library
Core part of Jackson that defines Streaming API as well as basic shared abstractions
my dot files
My vim dotfiles, ellipsis.sh compatible.


Personal finances
My fork of OpenWRT 12.09 Attitude Adjustment branch

\N
Hexic game simulation demo
Documentation about the Grml Server
A small utility for working with cookies.
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/masterpasswordtimeoutplus
Multiplayer Boggle Clone
scripts and dotfiles
My custom devel config files, dot files and helpers needed to only have to install it on a new machine and start geeking
Simple documentation generation for Brat
Mirror of https://git.netfilter.org/libnetfilter_log
Set of tools and scripts for converting raw data (csv, tsv, $sv, and other custom formats), creating links, and managing a triple store

everzet (life|work) dotfiles
My resume
CS032 Term Project, Spring 2014
Soluciones para problemas en http://coj.uci.cu
A simple demo of a web page interacting with sleepy mongoose REST api using JQuery. Instructions for Mac OSX running MAMP.
Simple block of code to fetch alerts from Blizzard Games
the docker swarm running overviewer.org
A git mirror of official flickrapi hg repository (https://bitbucket.org/sybren/flickrapi) with some additional customizations.
Used for some changes for the swiss pirate party, based on a "git svn clone http://svn.code.sf.net/p/postfixadmin/code/ --stdlayout" and a "git filter-branch --prune-empty --tag-name-filter cat -- --all"
Programa simple de redes neuronales para java


Resume in LaTeX.
Basic plugins for TweakCart2
(inactive and unmaintained) A set of loosely coupled machine learning, data-mining and bioinformatics applications in a broad range of functional languages.
My personal fork of the SHRINE project located at: http://catalyst.harvard.edu/services/shrine/
my dotfiles
svn clone http://dangerous-prototypes-open-hardware.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Bus_Pirate
fork of buildout.eggnet
My vim files
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
An old Client-Server messaging program I made in highschool. I'm keeping this for nostalgia.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
My main website
Testium is a very Flexible and Plugin-able Test Automation Engine written in java. It is Open Source and fully supports the XML-based file formats of the Standardized Test Tool Interfaces as described in http://www.testtoolinterfaces.org/. Other file form
Janrain Capture Demo
Fork of http://git.suckless.org/dmenu with selected patches from http://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/patches/
A blog for node.js.
New site design
My vim ultisnips snippets
Open source e-commerce and marketplaces made simple on the JVM
Sublime Text 2 user settings
My dotfiles, for my mac
Finnish translation for Symphony CMS
LaTex version of resume
my .vim folder
jQuery Mobile Tutorial
A simple python script to monitor sensors

dotfiles such as .vimrc and .rvmrc
Fork of warsync
Deprecated, see https://github.com/Stonelinks/stonelinks.github.io
git - the simple guide
A small tool to find gaps in TDB
Collection of my dotfiles for easy access

Reid's DR git clone
Page personnelle
A simple zsh configuration and prompt. See the PeepCode blog below for a graphical example.
An example website template for managing a band using Ruby on Rails
Remark log viewer / Github mirror
This is a fork of the open source agent simulation platform "Gestalt".
Simple Web Household Account Book
Very basic template for new rails projects
Attempt at an OpenSCAD model of an Aurora-class Star Fury
Simple broker that handles all message types and participates in markets
Copy of the last free wurfl.xml data file
  This project has been deprecated.
Fork of https://code.google.com/p/cssjanus/ with modifications required by Khan Academy.
Python script that scrapes list of all camera models from Flickr.com

My vim config
Personal git mirror of the tmux repository
Temporary copy of https://code.google.com/p/bastmush/ , nothing to see here, go over there.
monkeypatched fork of comptypes to support faster WMI access
This is a copy of the JNLua repository over on http://code.google.com/p/jnlua/
Sample hellogitworld repo for GitHub Training classes
test fork from svn googlecode to git



a simple asset loader for Children of Ur, works with other projects too!

This is a practice Ruby project using cucumber for web-site testing

test on HuoHouStudio
Solutions to short programming challenges from http://reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer
Helper-app for beekeepers.


My website running on my home server. I'll get a real webserver someday, don't worry.
test obs service

This repository is for tracking exploratory code I write as I study Allen B. Downey's "How to think like a computer scientist", C++ version.

Just a Repo used to test code and learn github



my first repo
A repo to hold the HSBNE Tumblr blog theme.

git demo
A fork of the WordPress Simple Colorbox plugin
A minimalistic theme for Sublime Text that comes in 2 flavours.

A small program that grabs forum titles every minute


my resume
Code from the Developer's Perspective blog
A basic Ruby and Cucumber introduction
Sample iOS game developed with Objective-c, colour memory

My first repo
A little Github Pages File
dotfiles

Repo for running basic Data Mining scripts
Collected resources about Facebook's React

This is an initial step to practice Python and Git 

android developer's first sample application
test

A simple, yet beautiful, code highlighter for WordPress.
vim configuration
Coming up with simple calculator application from scratch in WPF

The demo app for Ruby on Rails tutorial
playing with clojure, heroku, and mongo. Fuck I love functional languages. Feels like math, and gets shit done.
isocontour and volumetric mesh generation from volume data.

for practice
Just a testing repository.
Synchronized code relies on a simple kind of reentrant lock. This kind of lock is easy to use, but has many limitations.
Ed Hatrick-Smith's Portfolio site
Demo rails app
A collection of post install scripts for configuring security, development environments, and servers on debian. Just here to make things easier. Free Software Only.
This is an open source project of using Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) in milton

College ML course exercises.
html page
Initial testing repository
Checking metrics on C/C++/Java and maybe C# code from early 2000s
The most basic anonymous online game. My first side project with AJAX tech.

A docker image which my sites are based on.
the first app for rails tutorial
A few tips for beginning with Spring Data JPA
An example for creating the zoom effect of the photo present in Icarousel view.

Code example of  Volley Framework for HTTP requests.



android proj

Was using pixi, switched to phaser.js. Just trying a small game.
java practice projects


This repo has all my (Java) projects related to graphs

Using to test to build server without actually messing with pcore
YWOT History, yes, this is what it runs on, github. :D



Ruby on Rails Tutorial Sample App


Creating a particle system in C++ for learning purposes.  Uses SDL2 for graphics.
An infinity based theme for Conky.

first version. the format of elements is (int, int). Simplest hash function, just %.
Various configuration files

Trivial example of log4j integration with Logentries in Scala

A sample application which demonstrates how to use JAX-RS to expose OIM information RESTFully
The test app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
For WDI PW2 work


a template for a node.js project with grunt, coffeescript, less, jade
Template project for testing out Javascript vNext (ECMAScript 6 aka "Harmony") via the Google Traceur Compiler with a simple Express service.
AngularJS Simple Cart Implementation
just test

my dot emacs

New SQYBI.com with Django. Notice that the RoR version is deprecated!

All my spoj work
Simon says game clone

Super simple javascript UI to make it easier to manage really long URLs
Simple Hello World app
Sample client app to authenticate against IndieAuth-enabled domains
Simple IndexedDB API
Practice with the full stack, writing acceptance tests, shedding scaffolding
simple dir require with convenient functionality
A generic admin theme built with Bootstrap 3 free for both personal and commercial use. 
Repository for the skonf daemon
A port of the Hyde Jekyll theme to Statamic
Simple to use DB handler for PHP
A skeleton theme for creating themes for the wonderful Anchor CMS

Mirror of vim-latex from Sourceforge
The demo app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
practice with material for technical interviews
A fork of the WordPress TwentyThirteen Theme
Starter code and unit tests for Rosalind challenges
A sample Google Glass app using the Glass API
Just a little test-repository. The files in this repo are not meant to be used in any way (and mostly don't work).

I am a demo
bread products website 
Source code

Project 1 for Stanford University Objective-C course

Small macros, scripts, etc to make life easier
The Flask framework step by step tutorial codes.
.vim 

Fizz Buzz PHP

source code for html 


This ist just a small game, written by myself in c.

A child theme used to test the development of the Thematic theme
Very basic memory game I made for my kids
iOS scroll view demo app
Links to StyleGuides used by our team

A simple and reliable FQL client
my user page
All the XML files required by the QuietTime iPhone App, both in Arabic and in English.
A dropbox for small commandline tools and scripts I build. Many for media management like image resizing or server admin, but otherwise a random grab-bag of unrelated stuff. Linux + OSX shortcuts. In git so I can find them again next year.
Basic robots.txt generator plugin for Hexo

test project for youtube
Documentation and examples for an introductory workshop about Boost

Simple "Hello world" application using PIMF micro framework
my ember.js practice

David Dumon's blog
Small script which adapt the brightness of the screen with your web cam.




A collection of useful javascript helpers, again.
new

This repository will house R code for some programming exercises in a class on Computational Statistics. When I was taking this class, I often thought stumbling upon a repo like this would have been helpful. The work here is largely my own, but obviously 
This is the code that is inteded to go along with the post "Test-Based coding in Node JS with Mocha" on the http://bits.hugeinc.com/ site.
Example repository that is created from an existing project.


C++ Templates - The Complete Guide
Example showing use of shoe, dnode and browserify to render cross-browser web page
fork from http://sourceforge.net/projects/opascalscript/



My personal page
Documentation for the Statamic CMS in Dash Docset format 
This is the sample application for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial by Michael Hartl (http://michaelhartl.com/)
Just a collection of my research related ipython Notebooks

Ubuntu Server Guide
Small JS Library to queue CSS3 Animations
Documentation for the Internet Archive S3 API
Try to mockup a page with smacss

Triggertrap Shield Files
Simple example of a Java ClassLoader that forcibly reloads from disk each class instance
Simple console application to get the MD5 hash of files in a given directory (or a specific file, if an extension is provided). Needed this to support the Updater in my SAI-Editor.



scm-manager preinstalled into docker using the ubuntu base

My dotfiles (zsh, tmux, vim, git)

A clean way to setup a quick demo using HTML5 and jQuery.
Simple GeoPal python client
This is a simple python script to automate the molecular dynamics and minimisation protocols with gromacs. Current version can perform minimisations of protein-ligand complex only
Implementation example of Spring-Hateoas (client wich consume and expose RESTful HATEOAS Service)Source from my article : http://bewilcox.blogspot.fr/2013/12/generer-lexposition-de-vos-entites-jpa.html
LightStor Standard Documentation


Lego Mindstorms EV3 hacking, documentation + list of projects.

SharePoint 2007/2010/2013 PowerShellscript to copy user permissions on all specified sites/subsites
GitHub Repo for MercuryOS
A demo application for illustrating the use of list view and adapters. It also consists the functionality of callbacks to change the items of the list view. (e.g. working of like/unlike button)

Basic shell script for create and delete apache virtual hosts.
get off !! this is my personal project
template for wolfe projects 

An example project using Grunt with a Magento theme
Code Practice in Java(Still Updating)
A clone of casper, the default theme in ghost
these are small scripts that I have written to perform certain scientific computing tasks, namely for a course I have taken on quantitative economics
Projects List
dot files
for my working repository.


Projects
A test of github pages, with a bit of jekyll, listing some code related stuff I have done

Notes and example implementations of design patterns in JavaScript

A basic web page that uses a carousel using the bootstrap framework
A php framwork based on the concept modules, views and controllers(Minus the "clean urls" added true SRP controllers). Made to be as simple as possible while being as flexible as possible. Allows for the easy and choesive creation of websites and apps


My solutions to exercises from Kernighan & Richie "The C Programming Language" (Second Edition)
HTML test project for Yandex

Documentation for the Trapper project
The code for my game, Periodic Alchemy.
Basic bitmap drawing on the Nintendo DS in frame buffer mode



test folder, learning git via ubuntu terminal
Some testing
Documentation wiki for using AppWarp On-Premise


My github pages repository.
My own version of Game of Life
Personal Site

School Project - Create a tool that displays information about the disk
A simple search component for K2
My first app

Example code for personal use from the book Node in Action.
tcp server java example
Example of using Karma to test client side JS
The first app for the Ruby on Rails tutorial

This was a school assignment.
gh-pages for williamjwoodall.com, just redirects to wjwwood.io
Set of screens that can be used to perform regression tests of operator interface.
A simple browser created using java libraries
Clone this and correct the jQuery errors!
Mastering C# 4.0 Pluralsight course - Jon Skeet
A small log for all the coffee I taste

The result of completing the django tutorial
This repository stores the projects I have developed

A small app, that's used in the Ruby Tutorial.
The first app for the ruby on rails tutorial
Java / Spring 3 experiment. A simple CRUD system employing Hibernate, application layering, controller exception handling and tiles composite views.
Documentation and Resources for the Minecraft Mod Station
Code that I wrote to deeply understand how some general data structures function internally. A lot of pointer concepts covered. All code in C++.
Simple vanilla JS MVC implementation
Demo of how to list posts with collections in Assemble 
Simple Sublime Text extension to implement Ctrl/Command-0 function to restore edit window font size to user-defined default.
repo for testing 

repo for recipe storage


This is a fork of KA9Q's FEC library that also compiles on x86_64 and arm.
vim dotfiles



Rails Demo App
a simple plugin that displays the browser window-width handily in the wp toolbar

my webpage ===>>>

Programming Practice
Testing timing analysis with chrono and std methods in C++. Running chrono requires using std c++11
Ruby on Rails tutorial sample app
Simple test project to play around with the Arduino and an accelerometer.
AngularJS demo with Browserify.
Famous computer scientists image and text

test github pages

The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
This is the sample app from Rails Tutorial

Contains the TI-BASIC program called "HANOI"

A set of packages for the concrete5 content management system used by the ITM web site

The documentation for the Bootstrapper package

All other codes that are done for courseworks and personal fun
Simple IntelliJ IDEA plugin for Android Studio
My dotfiles
First attempt at a web page, with Rails.
A command line tool & a small component to manage your proxies in your JS code
A personal theme for my ghost application.
A small helper module for image galleries in WordPress, using ACF.
Sample Code for Spring LWHS Device Invention Class
The first app for Ruby on Rails tutorial
Source code for livetocode blog
Distributed project management using dcf files

Store data in local storage
The content files for the LCDM website at the University of Illinois.
My dotfiles
Personal wiki

a backup of the main site
CQ Project repo

This tutorial demonstrates how to use the Cloud API in Titanium Mobile. Specifically, the demo project will allow you to send a template based email to any recipient.
A simple non-configurable OSX kernel extension to prevent sleep
packaging metadata for the freemarker preprocessor template engine
Learning how to program using ruby on rails


The first app for the Ruby o Rails Tutorial
An example registration handler for setting up Salesforce with OpenID Connect


unit test ios id

This repo is just testing the github streak strategy
Simple Blogging Platform in Go (golang)
My Engineering Graduation work about Textile RFID tag antena
vim config for cpp
The sample app for Ruby on Rails Tutorial
Jan 2014 version of Hartl's First App on Dev Machine, running Ubuntu
List


Dating Python - A quick start guide to Python programming
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

portfolio site
TestCoin for testing purpose
A simple plug-in for jQuery mobile which adds content to a list.
DB Course Desktop Client + SQL Server Side


This is my individual project for the Professional Graduate Diploma in IT BCS
Single Page Nav is a light-weight and simple to use jQuery plugin
Std theme atweb
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
collection of simple ios-samples
Zipios++ is a java.util.zip-like C++ library for reading and writing Zip files. Access to individual entries is provided through standard C++ iostreams. A simple read-only virtual file system that mounts regular directories and zip files is also provided.
these are short scripts that I have written in C++/C (mostly C++) , for a course called "Problem Solving with C++"... there are also the solutions to www.programming-challenges.com
Prezi Notes on Google Glass during presentation
Simple Grid with paging and search for Play Framework 2 based on Bootstrap
simple Bukkit plugin

My final year project for University. A tool for teachers to be able to easily create multiple choice test for their students.
The contents for my website.



WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Template Project for Google Glass compatible Android app using OpenCV

WordPress.org Plugin Mirror


version of homework 2 and 3 without action of the button 9
test repository
FSOLA - First Steps Of Learning Algorithms
The APOD grabbers I tried were kinda crappy, so I wrote my own
Code for my Wikimedia Labs Tools account
My personal configuration files.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Experiments with Hoeffding inequality, feasibility of learning from sample data


WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
sample client-server application with thread pool
The first app for the Ruby on Rails Tutorial
My solutions from psets 0-8, and final project, from the online course cs50 [https://cs50.net].
A basic assessment for Adapt that is attached to an article
A basic scorm tracking plugin for Adapt
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

Sample program(s) to parse logs
Simple kernel module to be used in workshop about kernel modules.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Something to demo git use in class
my personal page
A simple text adventure to help me learn Python
Example plug-ins for GammaRay
Pelican starter theme to be used with theme inheritance, see https://github.com/getpelican/pelican/issues/1092 & https://github.com/getpelican/pelican/pull/1327.
A proof-of-concept job board written in Python using the Flask framework, mongoengine and hosted on Heroku
A (temporary?) sugar macro library for simple check.
xgl emacs setting
\N
Read-only mirror of "countreg" from r-forge SVN.
Dotfiles. For me! My dotfiles.
A set of Emacs color themes based on Chris Kempson's 'tomorrow' themes

Working through some stuff in Haskell. Dangerously close to writing my own monad tutorial. They're like a burrito, man.
Demo game to show off many features of StrangeIoC

Cross-platform Paint.NET clone
Sublime Text 2 config files
Github mirror of  MediaWiki extension GlobalContributions - our actual code is hosted with Gerrit (please see https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_access for contributing
swip is a SIP web phone working through a java applet. This is a fork() from sipappletjava.
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Pong game for iOS course
Fork is maintained at https://github.com/guard/guard-brakeman Go there instead
Example Android app demonstrating possible use of RxJava
Various scripts I use
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
A simple blogging mechanism for writers that code.
Read-only mirror of "robast" from r-forge SVN.
Nokia Education Delivery documentation
work repo for me and urban to have a bit of code control

Pharmacokinetic and Pharmacodynamic datasets for use in pharmacometrics and translational medicine
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror

My personal website
basic pluginbundle for Infinity Interactive dists
:video_game: A list of popular/awesome videos games, add-ons, maps, etc. hosted on GitHub. Any genre. Any platform. Any engine.
chuo.me Blog
Demo site for my session at DrupalDownUnder 2012
This addon offers you some flavors to customize the colors of your platform easily. A flavor is a group of 4 files: background, borders, colors and fonts, corresponding the CSS properties.
My emacs configuration, written as literate elisp
A simple Enyo UI library
The package can implement the graph-based reconstruction and
OpenCPU Demo apps.
(DEPRECATED) My first html game start.

A set of extern classes for Haxe that wrap the Titanium API (http://developer.appcelerator.com/).
This is a collection of useful Oracle SQL and shell scripts that I frequently use
Package Control repository for my Sublime Text 2/3 packages
Clone of the "Entity operations" Drupal module
a simple spread-spectrum based informed watermarking implementation in MATLAB
deprecated
Read-only mirror of https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/ad_google_maps/. Updated daily with svn2git.
vim configuration files
Basic ZendFramework2 example application using Doctrine2 and the SpiffyDoctrine modules
A simple octopress blog, more work-related than anything else.
gap proxy clone from code.google.com/gapproxy
My dotfiles and assorted other home directory related configurations.
vim setting
Simple PHP contact form using bootstrap and the jQuery validation plugin.
Just a little Galaga clone written in Java.
Jekyll Blog
Configuration files for stuff I use.


A simple and free CMDB app written in Ruby on Rails
Mirror of Alfresco Community Edition (see https://wiki.alfresco.com/wiki/GitHub)
My Resume in LaTeX
A simple web based school management system.
My Github Page
My (unofficial) xxxterm repository
Win32 code example to list all the imports within the executable, very useful aid to understanding PE executables and the API calls they are trying to use from various DLL's.
My emacs24 text editor configuration
A simple weekly schedule library for JS.
WPoniOS - Rest API is a plugin which provide a rest interface in WordPress CMS.
Fork of mapsforge - https://code.google.com/p/mapsforge/
Zend Framework 1 Config package
No longer supported see - https://github.com/meh/ruby-tesseract-ocr
All sample projects, which belong to my posts on blog.volger.org

A small, fast and simple 3D scene graph vector engine for JavaScript based on the HTML 5 canvas technology
collection of scripts I use to handle locales at Diaspora
