FuelPHP Framework - Composer Framework Component installer
The AgileReview Code Review Plugin for the Eclipse IDE. NOT STABLE!
Maven HTMLCompressor Plugin to compress HTML/XML files.
A Teamcity plugin for building Unity3d projects. NOTE: this has an MIT license so feel free to copy / adapt as you need to.
An attempt to update killermonk's Netbeans' lesscss-module
Bind to the `beforecopy`, `copy`, `aftercopy`, and `copy-error` events, custom DOM-like events for clipboard injection generated using jQuery's Special Events API and ZeroClipboard's Core module.
Relief1 - Providing a complete Disaster Preparedness, Relief and Recovery System for use worldwide.
XNA real time strategy game with era system and multiplayer support.
Socket.IO-client in Rails asset pipeline
Multi-Provider Authentication for App Engine
Mods for Minetest created by me
Microcontroller Library for LPC2xxx Chips (presently LPC2101/2/3,LPC2104/5/6,LPC2131/2/4/6/8 supported)



Wordpress music web site.
Minimal template for developing packages for Python
Gis Application development course work
REST supervision app client for android devices. Part of my degree
Upload de arquivo utilizando o JSF + Primefaces + Hibernate
solver for bubble blast 2 game on android
Javascript client library and app for CKAN data hub software
Fast and powerful CSV (delimited text) parser that gracefully handles large files and malformed input
Extension of the agg svg parser from the agg distribution

The theme around Data Services are to expose existing Spring Data functionality to the web. The 'web' here is primarily focused on support to access data from traditional browsers as well as mobile clients. It also will explore the interaction of messagin
A collection of officially supporter ConDep operations.
:izakaya_lantern: ambilight clone for your arduino and some WS2801s using boblight
Helper for add social share feature in your Rails app. Twitter, Facebook, Weibo, Douban, QQ ...
android jtt app
An extension of Neuro to provide a "sync" component.
A touch controller for cocos2d used for pinch-zooming and panning around
XBee clone using TI CC430F5137 microcontroller
A full featured php form

Cocoa Extensions primarily for iOS
Emacs setup (CSS / Erlang / HTML / Javascript / Lisp)
A Kohana version 3.x wrapper for swiftmail
Chrome extension to auto-update your twitter stream without clicking to load new tweets.
a comic cross-platform pet simulator game using PlayN + Lua

Albion 2 Engine "light"
Galera Cluster documentation

Application pour l'Analyse des Geeks sur Android
A Zend app in which users can have multiple authentication and api providers (Facebook, Twitter, Google)
An open source substitute for Apple's genstrings which can be integrated in Apps.
GitHub version of the Google Code Smarty
Vim plugin that changes the color of the statusbar of the focused window according with the current mode (normal/insert/replace)
Zend Framework 1 external external library for public sites (Klear based sites)
The ATReference is an extended version of the Archivists' Toolkit that includes a reference module designed by the Rockefeller Archive Center
New def.reyssi.net blog circa 2015
Use FB to create process registration and create WordPress users (not FB Connect)
 Warewolf  Easy Service Bus (ESB) is used for designing, orchestrating and implementing communication between software applications. It handles messaging, routing, and service co-ordination in a SOA framework. It's 100% open source and free. This reposito
Parse Intel HEX files, dump them as binary.
One hour JavaScript - Stuff I wrote in an hour.
The slave-side of the marrow.monitor server monitoring solution.
A jquery placeholder plugin similar to tumblr's based on MrColes' jsfiddle snippet.
white elephant helper

school life app
Grails Functional Test Plugin
Learn how to program by solving & creating physics based puzzles (like Angry Birds)
The official home of the LibVMI project is at https://github.com/libvmi/libvmi.
A visual guide to the wonders of Unicode
Productivity tools add-in for SQL Server Management Studio 2014 and newer, for SQL developers and DBAs
A Latex presentation template which looks like a Keynote presentation
Cocktail is an application development platform that takes the pain out of the development of data-driven rich XAML applications. It is a blend of three popular frameworks: Caliburn.Micro + DevForce + Entity Framework. Line of business applications need t

Mobile application written using the Ionic Framework for an School project.
a site
Client-side form validation plugin for jQuery
Experimental Distributed File System

Peer-to-Peer secure backup system. Spreads encrypted pieces of a  file over a p2p network.
Source code of rules for Open Legend
An Ace of Spades clone / fork / experiment, written in Python and using Pyglet for OpenGL.

A repository for open source sample code for few often used functionalities used in Xamarin iOS.
Skeleton MEAN application with some standard tools like Bower, etc.
Festival de Ideias
Javascript implementation of WTForms validators
Database and API for enhancing history and clipboard processing
App based on Node.js, Express.js, MongoDb, Bootstrap and jQuery.
An intro application for the Ionic framework
a template system on top of taskjuggler for task planning, scheduling, manning and costing.
Google Places autocomplete API with sample map application 


JavaScript Dev Accelerator Coding Challeng Question 3.   Generate an AngularJS, ReactJS or other JavaScript MV* framework app that allows a user to create, edit, update, and destroy (delete) users. 
Heavy Development Noob Code C# MineCraft Server
The new repository for Project Genesis | Huge WIP!
project euler, solving done in C
Zor Programming Language
A custom file system navigator for Pythonista.
A Python parser for the Amazon Kindle "My Clippings.txt" file
API wrapper and CLI tool for waa.ai
Mock design of the google homepage
App created using larval.
this is a source code for puzzle game
The most funny code commands
A Django-powered website where you can create an account, vote in other users' polls, and create your own polls as well.
Stylesheets for Documentation Pages
Addicted to Train Simulator? Finding the game too predictable? Let this tool tell you what your next shift is!
Java Generics Refactoring Tool for Inferring Wildcards
C++ 11 template-based reflection API
Chinese chess engine
mobile conference app written in Ionic
A tool to check md5 sums given an untrusted file and a sum that has been received out of band
A Protobuild template for a cross platform Easily Overlooked MonoGame project.
Manipulate colors like you write Sass. Mix some colors like you paint.
A Star Trek themed, text based game written in Python, which showcases the power of the Raspberry Pi.
LaTex Resume
sample spring application with multiple command patterns which are injected into a list so they can be processed
code for raspberry pi robot
Micro-framework for Golang web servers
This is the site, the thing that makes the OpenItinerary work. Enjoy.
Xamarin sample for switching between forms and native
Dockerize the "LATEST" version of VirtualBox with Extension Pack and phpvirtualbox
Web page for the This Is Us Project to facilitate students' data entry
A Sentry notification plugin for HipChat
Sample Node.js application
How to refresh REST services with ColdFusion code.  See http://www.cf-mike.com/refreshREST.cfm for details.
A SMS-based server for Android written in python

This program offers the user random articles from Wikipedia to read.
Repo for the redesign of Hudl's roster page (using materialize to help achieve Google material design aesthetics).
prototype code for mobile app that will estimate speed of object 

This repository contains the "Individual posts per page" extension for phpBB 3.1+
Maintain a set of offscreen cells and use them to help calculating dynamic cell size in sizeForItemAtIndexPath
An ascii rougelike/rpg in c# console.
An Security Framework based on Spring-Security

Samba docker container
Project to create a JS canvas app to create 3D printable discs for automa-te kits.
Hydroponic culture equipment that can be used in 4 ways (Use/Don't use LED/empty can)
hson is a Python 3 tool for extracting Hearthstone game data
Android Sample - Current GPS Position
ESPToy is an Arduino-compatible gadget for the ESP8266 WiFi module

A quick word count plugin for Vim, perfect for adding to your statusline

Pinterest style hangrax page
Site
React + Golang API with Postgres
Resume template made with latex (theme isn't acheved for now)
Ping Pong score keeping app
iOS/Android app that provides daily information on new places
fresh laravel copy

the scripts for exersise
Copy files to a remote host using WinRM
This extension helps with filtering github pull requests and jira fix versions
async iterators (reduce, map, each) of collection (array, plain object)
A Processing project to generate all the github default avatars
Configuration scripts for a Raspberry Pi + Camera
Microformats 2 Version of Underscores Starter Theme with Indieweb Support
A single page site using a accordion form design to add a new job opening
Plugin to use browserify on js with rebar
useful scripts for react development
An open source, plug-in based, and completely modular chat client.
Wordpress username and password brute forcing demonstration.
Sample benchmarks for various BinarySeriazliers
Javascript, object-oriented survey engine.

BoL Script
Fluent Html Helper for Asp.net MVC
Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015.
some useful public tools and docs, not the private
Simplified Chinese translation project for the Battle for Wesnoth.
THIS IS A SERVER VERSION YAY
Pico CMS theme utilizing Skeleton boilerplate

An Unrolled Linked List.

elasticbeanstalk dirs shareable, better status updates, aws fab tasks integration, improved version tagging
some algorithms by ruby
Source code for the YouTube API, Version 3 on Rails article

macos command line tool of generate qr image and copy to clipboard
Various iOS related sample projects.
A implementation of Dijkstra's algorithm, with Graph class, to find shortest paths between points in a map.
Command-line tool to download Google Spreadsheets as JSON files.
Find pool tables in a city near you
artisanal filler text for your site or project with qml
It's a library to manage all your background work in your app
EditLabel is editable Label control, who's text can be modified at run-time by double-clicking on it.
This is a my web game bult in HTML5 and Javascript and without use of any additional frameworks, engines or libraries.
For latest version, please refer to http://www.sigchi.org/publications/chipubform/sigchi-extended-abstracts-latex-template/view
Spark open source program to fetch top urls, hashtags and usermentioned on basis of keywords
A tool to help organic synthetic chemists in exploring, evaluating and planning synthesis of novel and known organic (and possibly organo-metallic) molecules.
Lightweight and robust framework for creating composite components using Guice.
This contains a single javascript file and the bookmarklet code to check a single page for broken links.
A bukkit plugin which allows players to TP when they can see the sky.
Multithread version
this WordPress plugin allows you to display your delicious bookmarks on a post depending on its categories or tags.
Fork/continuation of damson_splitter to split up SpineML model for efficient computation
The current live version of the site while we await the next version.
Java client for the Wink REST API
Ffs - Framework From Scratch built for research purposes. Reinventing the wheel, every functionality without using the power of Open Source
Web app for collecting email addresses.
Instructional app for Intro to iOS App Development with Swift

HTML to Image Conversion API
C++ implementation of the multiresolution sphere packing tree.
Solutions to challenges from reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer
Repo for Isa's website The Paper Quill
Chef cookbook for the Distributed Grep web app
Fix your Baby's Birthday
This is a .NET Micro Framework Library for working with the Amazon S3 Rest API.
A repository containing docker images for Magnolia CMS


code samples OCaml and standard libraries, what I missed when starting with ocaml

Backward compatibility extension for Tao 2.6 to 3.0 update
A clean Markdown to HTML Website AWK program which is no more complicated then it needs to be
About update strategy utility can used in app auto-update module
Website for client9.com 2015
you can make a android application rapidly
The frontend app is built by ReactJs + Reflux architecture
Install DHCP client and configure hostname
This is repository for codes used in Opera Library
nbApp is a light weight javascrip library that uses jquery modules/functions to interact with modern Websites and WebApps
Project enables deployment of Spring SAML applications in Google Application Engine.
An ipython notebook to help with school spelling homework
Phase 4 Ematrix site. Skeleton, SASS, Cleaner Git. The final frontier of this work.
NeverCat Wordpress theme, based on Zurb Foundation 5
Some random plugins and shit
Script to explain an Apertium translation in terms of its parts.
A turn-based game in the terminal based off of Pokemon
online encyclopedia searching engine

Create help for canon printer install
Suse automation scripts to execute from jenkins
iOS client for UOless
Custom tools and scripts for Leadwerks
The Dark Vortex web game

A javascript client based mesh processing tool. Built using vcg library, emscripten and webgl
kof's sketchbook year 2015
How to create a gentle transition between design mockup and HTML markup?
A multi-platform game framework in C# using Portable Class Libraries
A core java library for all Minecraft plugins created by me
A Client-Server custom mail service program created under the Toronto District School Board Netowrk. 
Slovenian Student Meals System web application - implementation in ASP.NET MVC
social-share This is used for implements social services sharing buttons to your website.  It helps to create buttons with minimum coding effort.
Install profile (deprecated: use webfact-make project)
Text processing in Python towards Diana book-work.
Copy of the 'rc' shell source (http://tobold.org/article/rc)
1294's robot and dashboard software for the 2015 season
Starter ansible template for new site project.
A plugin for Kerbal Space Program 
SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This library contains functionality for making JavaScript-specific declarations such as variables or function calls.
this package is an ANN toolbox,which the early published genoud algorithm and rgenoud package is employed to optimize BP process

Website - for showing Strava.com Best Efforts
Bunch of scripts for different purposes
Python script for finding duplicate files within one directory
Visual novel engine
Instant message application (client)
iOS app for Epiquote webiste, written in Swift
University assignment 
fourty - planet template pack
UBJSON extension for Jansson
Garmin .tcx file editor

Welcome to Open Triad! This project is a reimplementation of the fabulous card game called "Triple Triad" originally developed by Square for the Playstation 1 game "Final Fantasy 8".

Wordpress Theme based on the free mystile theme by WooThemes. Requires Wooframework to work properly.
MeetUp is a social network power by Ruby, Sinatra, Web Sockets and Web Components
I was assigned to design and implement a web site for Online Ads Publishing as single page application (SPA) using HTML5 and AngularJS.
Visual Studio Plug in to add in HLSL source as directly linked source code via a generated C header
A Tessel Node app for reporting module data to the Tessel Data Server.
Creates KMP skip array and BM skip array using KMP and BM search algorithms.  Searches specified text file for strings contained in another text file.
Slices an image into pieces with specified size. Useful tool for sprite creation or animations
Sample apps covering various scenarios with a single page of HTML (using Angular) and Spring Security
Docker build file creating a image of a box containing web application security scanners.
Chef recipe to install/configure redis-server
docker base, for running LAMP.
Reverse engineered Python API for Weiyun (Tencent's cloud storage service)
IMAP Notifier app for Firefox OS
Configuration for awesomewm, based on Legospacy's config.
Microsoft Office 365 EWS (Exchange Web Services) Client Library
Local Project used to manage the debts for some registered users
NodeJS request library as HTTP API
A-code source of Platt's Adv550 adapted to CGI
Wrapper for the DigitalOcean API V2
Some programs of angularJs
Is a javascript library based on snap.svg that permit to use .svg images files as templates to create web andon/control panels with dynamic data loaded from a json data source.
Implementation of FizzBuzzKata
this is repository for all wordpress theme component from PSD to PHP
Benchmarks in java and android for cherry-collect
ec2-elastic-ip init script for ubuntu.  This will allow you to set the user-data and hostname for an amazon spot instance
Joomla contact module for easy and fast sending mails with attachments with 5 additional custom fields at your disposal
Tumblr theme for making a gif catalog. 
upload component and business solution
A collection of ZAP scripts provided by the community - pull requests very welcome!
FreeBSD jail management tool relying heavily on ZFS
Takes iCalendar/vCalendar-like data and produces an HTML report containing all events.
File watcher in Julia - can be used to auto-run unit tests etc
A ruby script to display the current UK Top 40 Charts and their Youtube links
LpiAssetLoader is a zend framework 2 module that helps manage the loading of front-end custom or bower javascript and css assets.
Single-page application using AngularJS // buy and sell site
Bukkit plugin to filter commands (and sign changes)

Share/Print/Open files with the native activity view controller in your Titanium app
noInfoPath data module
BL-Ctrl v2.0 source in assembler
Sympton Management Beta Version it's an Android app and a Java Spring-based service.

git hooks for intermixing SVN and git repositories. Intended for use in versioning Unity projects without storing massive amounts of binary files in git.
Repository for links to NUS-related apps that will be useful to students of NUS.
Some research done of diffrent sorting algorithims
Pelatihan Android Indonesia - Andorid Studio
DB workbench manifest compatible site - using MVC5, Bootstrap, Entity framework.
Run an ETCD backup task inside a Docker container and upload it to AWS S3.
analyze some websites for interesting updates or news
Mobile app that provides a medical control with some helps like drugs&doctors guide and reminders
A Ruby To Do List
Gmod tool for meshing gears.
the source of the web site
Mapping annotated dict list into Django models
An analysis of literacy in the state of Tamil Nadu using R
An open-source implementation for picking files/folders out of an online API
elixir library for dynamodb
Java Chip8 language emulator
First sass project to better utilize time
MoneyCalculator project for Softwaare engineer 2 
C port of the Farmhash Hash64 (farmhashna) hash function

O2O DIY IOS app
calculator using javascript,html,css
A sample project for listening to incoming call and send number to web server
Geolocation game prototype based on google maps api
Express API bootstrap with Mocha test suite - using Vagrant and Chef with Berkshelf
Description and implementation of the core Knuth-Plass line-wrapping algorithm.
Platform that aggregates de best technologies to dynamically teach and learn between dynamic groups.
PatternLab Style Guide for OvrC
Linked Edit Rules: a methodology to publish, link, combine and execute edit rules on the Web as Linked Data to verify consistency of statistical datasets.
A template project structure for a PHP component. Includes config for Travis-CI, Coveralls and Scrutinizer.
Control an old-school analogue Scalextric set with a MindWave Mobile brain computer interface and an Arduino.

Application implementing reliable data transfer on local interface using UDP.
ASP.NET Web API  BDZ services /AppHarbor/
A list of countries, abbreviation codes and text in native language
Quick class to query station details and status for the Dublin Bikes cycle scheme
Anaconda recipes for computational neuroscience tools.
Framework for building module loaders with very little effort
Scripts to process NBO txt files
iAnnotateSV is a Python library and command-line software toolkit to annotate and visualize structural variants detected from Next Generation DNA sequencing data.
A Meteor app that prompts you to fill out a questionnaire every 30 minutes as you're working
A vim plugin for code annotation and code understanding using folds
Docker image with a build of Dropbox Pyston
docker image for building dropbox's pyston 
This Project is python script for solaris
A React Mixin for the BoomQueries Library
Swift code for the iOS version of the AUDL client application for iOS 8 and greater. 
Automatic Gain Correction relative to a reference spectra based on minimised chi sqared
Cloud tools to monitor and manage cloud servers. Great alternative to some expensive tools
Sala de treinamento
This is a repository which contain all the django examples of ninjahoahong
Project Euler solutions in Python
A Python Cryptocoin exchangers wrapper API implementation. 
A boilerplate for creating games with Python and Pygame

CommonJS shell sort implementation using Sedgewick's gap sequence
Magic Mirror webpage for fancy bathrooms
Google Calendar Sync for Outlook
DeviceJS App & Class support for iotivity.org
Ticket.com is a  web application buy which user can buy bus tickets and rent a car .
This is a sequential and parallel code in Parallel Java 2, for the Lagrange theorem that says, "Every natural number can be represented as a sum of square of four integers " 
A sample project that shows how to integrate jenkins and selenium
An LTI tool for embedding YouTube players into Canvas course sites
FenixEdu Academic Thesis Component
iOS Alarm Clock
Short Rails assignment for creating and storing information on cars in a used car dealership
Scripts to get SQL Saturday data and load into SQL instance
BattleShipClient voor > iOS 8
A python script that gets the network IP and sends it to an e-mail address. Plus, the script is added Scheduled Tasks as an Hourly Task.
A shiny application for exploring the binning patterns along the length of a locus' size range
Nim module for converting CSV to JSON

It is a android imageview which gives awesome moving animation
Tool which creates and processes files in parallel.
A blog system
Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a BlobKey.
High level access library for the Guild Wars 2 API
Total Backup Script
Serial Port Game
A proof of concept that browserify encapsulates jQuery object
Mac OS X library for vim-xkbswitch plugin
for shipping with FEDEX, you can manually enter zip codes, because the returned zip codes in the TWO_DAY range are not quite true...
Chats is a PHP/JQuery Ajax based instant messaging system.
Some calculations of the magnetic polaron energies/
Allows you to easily create your own rune builds for your monsters 
Motion::Duration is an immutable type that represents some amount of time with accuracy in seconds. Adapted from ruby-duration by Jose Peleteiro
Taco package for Java
Launch colored rspec output in vim
A JavaScript wrapper for the Teleduino API used to communicate with ethernet enabled Arduino boards.
App where a user can create, update, edit, or destroy users.

Leage manager written in Java with Hibernate.
Package from http://www.skarnet.org/software/skalibs/
Nim module for determining the format of a sound file
Interactive "mirror" created in Processing.
A dart transformer to generate an appcache file

A lightweight Python library that can be used to get live data from IG Markets REST and STREAM API with a LIVE or DEMO account
Evolving "circuit" simulator.  It's more like an FPGA than a true electronic circuit

Wordpress all in one Docker container
first attempt on datomic storage using couchbase
Braintree package for Meteor <deprecated>
Use twentyfifteen-child theme and Grunt in Wordpress
A collection of miscellaneous AppleScripts
[BACKUP] A CGI script to parse Markdown files with the PHP-MarkdownExtended package

Projects start guide for wordpress
Efficient implementation of many computer vision algorithms
T1 mapping python script
Easily deploy Fugacious backed with Postgres via Docker and FIg.

This tool is developed in PHP to check and report uncommented lines of code in project.
A library for interacting with the iKettle
Authentication Plugin for Revive Adserver  with Active Directory via LDAP Library
The slots game in jQuery flavored JS!
Proof of concept for photo based P&C games (2). Escape from the hackerspace!
Ansible Galaxy role for importing SSL certificates into the Java keystore
DRY project automation for Node.js and javascript frontend projects.
laravel 4 springboard that will be used for any type of projects including complex once
A tool to manage docker containers. Powered by web2py.
OpenCV Capture Class for Logitech's C920 HD Camera
Baroque is a dark GTK3/2 theme. It's a rather steampunk affair, featuring mahogany dashboards with brass fittings tastefully set with rubies and amethysts.
An open-source initiative for Entity Framework profiler
A webjar for jquery-payment (https://github.com/stripe/jquery.payment)
Web Gallery written only with css
SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This library contains functionality for making HTML template-specific declarations.
Win7 calculator design written in css and html
Atom Editor theme which aims to render exactly like Twilight on TextMate 2
Colorscheme for vim
xvfb in docker
ZingChart is a powerful library that provides users with the ability to quickly create beautiful charts, dashboards, and infographics. Choose from hundreds of chart types with nearly limitless chart design and customization options. Connect your data and 
R actuarial workshops - Instruction materials, data and source code for R workshops for actuaries
OpenEddi is a data collection software package
Suleyman Demirel University console application
AutoIt Scripts
A web proxy script written in PHP and built as an alternative to Glype. 
"fake" spinning wheel with jquery and javascript
Java External Sort
Atom package to automatically copy selected text to the clipboard
this package contains the coding style files.


A Github 404 page, modification but still kind of the same
Raspberry Pi robot. That's all, and libraries.
Work with spark using cassandra
This is an open source lighting board OS build to work on any x86 capable device.
Implementation of Gost Grasshopper Encryption Algorithm. This program implements the test vectors set provided in the reference document provided by the Standartinform, Moscow, Russian Federation.
a gradle plugin to execute jython scripts
This java program uses the data structures of a linked list, a hash table, and a binary search tree to create a dictionary program that can take multiple data types.  Iterators and wrappers are used to help navigate the data structures.
Lightweight responsive free Wordpress starter theme with YAML CSS framework and Sass
Vagrant file and chef recipe for local development.
Old version of Narzew's Timetable, written in Python + Kivy
WordPress plugin that adds an XML-RPC method to check for updates (core, plugins, themes).
filedistribution module as part of publishing-refactoring-phase1
jQuery plugin to achieve a smooth pull-down.
minimal unit test framework
Projekt UI Patterns: Password Strength Meter med Dennit i TDDD13
Send an email with a text file attachment
Fuzzy Intrusion Detection Engine written in Python. For a Masters assignment; ingests datasets similar to NSL-KDD dataset.
An opinionated blank starting set of HTML and CSS for students
A checkers game on a 4 x 4 board. The game has 3 modes which are player vs player, player vs easy AI and player vs hard AI. The reference board is for players to correctly select a piece.
Sample Project - Trying to figure out the UIStepper control
Police your URLs!


A flexible content management system written in and for node.js
Bug Magnet Chrome Extension
Your flickr pics from 1 year ago

This is an 2-axis gimbal code.
Documentation for ICT TAO-A
PHP class to locate, play sounds, and lock iOS devices
Helpers for vagrant environment variable setting for docker apps.
A website for the Taylorview Stake Trek 2015
Pi-Powered VPN Client Gateway: installation documentation and related files.
A color picker for Flex mobile applications using only Spark components.
Convenient way to store all your files(read configs) and folders(containing alot of configs) in one folder for version controll.
Create playlist from text file
Code for Loop Unrolling
A little C++ 'bank app' that takes input from the console and saves data to a txt file
Simulation tool for linear scout races modelled as directed graphs with node capacity. Based on simpy, with matplotlib for plotting
An IE 8-11 modes (Standard/Compatibility) detection script.
Upgrade Google Chrome's poor image display.
overtime system for employees

helpers for working with python source files
This karma-plugin shall give you the posibility to parse urls out of files in the karma scope and download those to be used in testing.
A wrapper for Spotify Web API that use Volley as backend.

Set of functions to mine and organize Riot's API

A JSONWP test automation client for C++
Android app to route vocal orders to a server
Bot scripts for RagesossBot, a Wikipedia bot that uses the pywikibot framework
croptastic jQuery, Canvas, and Raphael-based picture cropping widget.
Audio player jQuery Plugin
Folder Monitor is an open source java application that monitors a folder for a specified file type and runs a command on that file.
NodeJS endpoint to listen for rum-diary-js-client statistics and send them to one or more collectors
Github website
An API and command-line interface for sending messages via Pushover, written in ANSI C
Mapping Islamicity of all World Countries and OIC members
MPU6050 in spin and c# data collector
An OpenSource FeedReader, based on https://github.com/AWDevCorner/FeedReader-step-by-step , works great with WordPress.
New Website Parts
tools for GH development
Grad school portfolio
UIkit components built with React
A node module for interacting with Amazon S3. All functions use Bluebird promises. 
library to serialize java objects to XML, json, php, yaml, python, ruby, ...
C1X website - update to contact page contact email addresses
Manuscript for Intro-to-Probability
[ C++ ] CPU Cluster Simulator for CptS 223 (Data Structures).
node.js custom template parser
Render mathjax text in SVG
Get a text message when your class opens. 
The purpose of this program is to ask the user to input a series of characters.  The program will then determine whether or not the character is a part of the ASCII character set.  If it is not, the program will disregard the character.  Approved characte
Filterjs is a client-side html element filterer with criteria
Cloudability API wrapper for node.js
C# Tool for ZIP files
GitHub Pages
JavaScript NES emulator and emulation library.
WPU Theme Customize
A JavaScript library for position HTML elements.
For libraries and other users of library electronic resources (databases). Collect COUNTER compliant usage statistics via SUSHI, analye, and report.
Import Nest thermostat and Weather Underground data into InfluxDB
AdBuddizController is a Python module for accessing and displing ads from an AdBuddiz SDK for Android in Kivy, Python-based apps.
True Love Calculator Android App
brandingbrand github pr tool
Aggregator style website created with Ruby on Rails. 
minimal script to help find script into de nse database
[ C++ ] BST Tree Counter for CptS 223 (Data Structures).
Ocaml like toy programming language
Xkbswitcher, a Gnome-Shell extension to easily switch between xkb files located in the user home directory
Modules for ARMstrap Eagle CubeMX Template Projects

Tkgui/Othello game logic written for ICS 32 at UC Irvine
Quick and Clean wordpress plugin starterkit ; A plugin boilerplate to add custom codes in wordpress features & theme, an agile alternative to function.php in theme
Tiny app for serving up a random video intro. Intended for use with Plex.
a multi-platform source code translation language and tool
A bash script to create a Plex-compliant directory for your TV series
2015 ESUC website
Base PHP application skeleton.
Node.js API helper module
A Polymer element for querying the APIs created with Kimono
A vagrant setup to bring up a quick rails server
C/C++ version of the zxcvbn password strength estimator
Mobile Application Development - WINTER 2015
Client and Server source code
The website to accompany the Stanford Open Source Academy's Spring 2015 session SWI-Prolog group
Scoped style sheets as a web component.
server component for dreams and stuff mobile app
current website

A website with JQuery functionality that I put together for the final project of a JavaScript class.
Have you ever wanted to see where you stand on recent GitHub Issue work for a repository, this is the thing for you.
A cuboid rotating on a checkered background with fogging and lighting effects using OpenGL
DataTables Editor v1.3.3 library with data table multiselect and input type file options
Barebones CMS - SSO Server/Client Page Protection widget
Learning analytics Moodle plugin - graphs to help teachers.
So far this is a generic game engine built with Ogre3D, Bullet Physics, SDL and Raknet. It is built around a component system and uses messaging between components. I aim to build a first person shooter with it that draws inspiration from Halo/Call of Dut
blog app based on rails guides docs
Fitbit AS3 API Client Library

A Docker container for running iperf3 in client or server mode

A javascript application that formats crime data for Marple from the data.police.uk api
Some programs
A Markov-chain random text generator.
command line crosscloud chat client

a mock up of a cool trivia game

MAPPIAMO main repository. The geoCMS for mapping site built with <3, openstreetmap, leaflet, bootstrap, php, mysql....
:thumbsdown: [Deprecated] The 6to5 formatter for library authors.
Vagrant based environment propelled by chef-solo which gives you working RStudio server environment.
Run templatable playbooks of SQL scripts in series and parallel on Redshift and Postgres
:wrench: Some tools for contributing to Homebrew
Dropbox helper for removable drive management
Trace-url is a toy url expander/tracer written with Haskell.
A plugin for coverage.py to measure Django template execution
[Deprecated] [iOS] Flick in a scrollable area in Jailbroken iOS to scroll to that point (concept: http://simurai.com/blog/2012/09/13/flick-scrolling/).

renders is go template middleware for tango
A Mongo storage provider for the PropertyGraph.jl package
Docker image to run DB2 LUW
A curated list of awesome Architecture software, libraries, resources and shiny things
The source for samskivert.com
A docker project building on koha-base to set up a working koha based on git checkout.
Extra features for sales management, for example template quotations.


Ensemble plume display script in PHP.
scripts for downloading data from (the aus) BOM
Program that aids the user with time management, User clocks on and off from selected tasks and usage statistics are generated to help provide insight on where time was spent.
Swift version of the joind.in iOS app, using API v2
An application (Epichrome.app) and Chrome extension (Epichrome Helper) to create and use Chrome-based SSBs on Mac OSX.
C++ Binding for CLIPS Rules Engine
Less-than-pure Functional Reactive Programming for Javascript
Setup all the things on your workstation with Ansible
Github home 
Percolation outlined in the assignment provided by http://algs4.cs.princeton.edu
This extension allows you to resize/rotate images from Caja.

Source code of the http://nantesparcours.lafamillebn.net web site
next version of the git-scm.com site
Volunteer project for Happiness Programme in Node.js
An open source Pusher server implementation compatible with Pusher client libraries written in GO
This is the hOurworld iOS mobile application
Rss reader for Android
This is an Android app called Iterative App
/dev/null equivalent of connect-session
Adroid version for the Sage Firefox extension
Art portfolio site
flicksplorer - flickr api, iphone app
A fast and lightweight persistence framework
Sophisticated HTML form management for React
Utils for streaming large files (S3, HDFS, gzip, bz2...)
browserify version of crypto.createECDH
Offline Hadoop Elasticsearch Index Building and Tools For Lambda Architectures
Table Component for elisp
Easy keychain manipulation in iOS
Modulo's Open Distributed SCAP Infrastructure Collector, or modSIC, makes it easier for security analysts to scan an environment vulnerabilities based on OVAL-Definitions. It's an open-source service specialized in distributed network assessments.
Caputure screen to video file on mac. Implementation of Apple's OpenGL example code with GUI and ability to caputure mouse movements added. Can choose export format, codec, and quality. (Cocoa - Apple Mac OSX 10.5.8 - XCode 3.2 Project)
Rails Excel strategy to write xlsx files through rubyXL gem
Conxugalego iOS
NanoJPEG ported to Python
a text editor
Perl module - Subclass of Log::Dispatch::Email that uses Email::Sender
Open Source GitHub Chrome Extension.
An automated tool for importing media files in Open Access articles into Wikimedia Commons
PHP script to respond to git hooks and does a pull command when a specified branch is updated. Then emails will be sent to committer to know that the server has their changes now.
Rsync SNApshot baCKUP transfer and replication tools
Aptible's Support and Documentation Site
DEPRECATED: Tools for Documenting JS (and Friends) with Sphinx
An improved ft command for Vim
A content slider module for Contao CMS using StoutLabs JS Slider
Web application framework for React by Red Badger
Implementation of a Scheme parser as per the book "Write yourself a Scheme in 48 hours"
Safe compile-time module loading from a variable
Source app for Bloc Chat project using Firebase
bash script to auto install LAMP stack
sneaksync program to synchronize large files sets using a smaller cloud-based shared directory (like dropbox)
Puppet module to manage Windows AutoUpdate
This module caches the common Zend\\* classes used by your application into a single cache file, reducing reliance on the autoloader. This greatly improves the performance of ZF2.
A high-level library for traversing the OS storage model.
Create and navigate location on a google map by defining a list
A website for converting (and testing) HTML 2 Jade


VOKAL common angular API service
A plugin template for WordPress. Initialize a new plugin, build, and include desired libraries.
Compute community variograms, carry out null modeling, and and graph results
Client library for the Player (operation system for robots) in pure Ruby
A PHP 5.3 library for creating an EventSource stream.
A parser for the cfdg language written in perl
This program use for kill someone that use netcut on your lan
Web application in RoR that manages GPX treks and geotagged pictures
wsn project based on leon3 processor
[Magento Extension] It allows frontend developer to send ajax requests and return a custom information from the server without a php developer help (without any php code).
A Joomla! extension that add a Facebook Like Box on the web site.
Maven HTMLCompressor Plugin allows to compress HTML/XML files by adding a few lines to the pom file.
Provides a calculated due date for new issues created in redmine
PEJS plugin for root
Liquid Galaxy Support Library Activity
A quick script to take hourly, daily, monthly, weekly, yearly snapshots on a ZFS filesystem
\N
Projeto de tradutor do Script JNS para linguagem NCL
Entity Framework graph merge extension method
Appearance Is Everything - Advanced appearance themes for the Qooxdoo JavaScript Framework
A C# based app to control Sonos Devices
Calendar Model Class for perl
Lakeland Website
The Hacker News API that you can GET (and POST)
A python script that solves sudoku puzzles
jQuery based tool to sort items into containers with some additional bells and whistles to make the whole process smoother and more intuitive
A library that simplifies the exposure of data through REST interfaces in a secure, scope dependent way. Basically transforms internal data into whatever a client of your API has the right to see.
Maven Archetype - Bukkit Plugin
DEPRECATED! (Not supported + code base is not so good) Need to work with vk.com in your Android app? Just use Android-VK-Api library!
Multimedia Fusion 2 extension to create, manipulate and store tile-based data.
Java Iterator library like LINQ.
I'm new in ruby scripts! Just say stop siri proxy or stopp siri proxy and your siri proxy will stop immidiatley.
A c# library for communicating wit the GE NetworX Alarm System using the NX-584

Ejemplo de llamadas entre actividades en Android - FINISHED
[Deprecated! Use MenuItemKit instead] UIMenuItem with Image Support
Clean jQuery Mobile theme-pack and theme generator
[DEPRECATED] Write the templates in your Meteor Application using Handlebars and Jade instead of HTML and Handlebars
A Vim color scheme based on Jason W Ryan's miromiro Vim color file and dark terminal color scheme.
Reactive Extensions bindings for jQuery
The documentation for the DDSC Lizard API.
Normalizer for honeypot data.
Mediator pattern for Halo, a client-side MVC framework.
Docker-based CKAN environments, with bells and whistles
Version 2 of chorus, complete re-write, still in development, Considered pre-release and many things might change before first release.... 

a Web UI autotest framework based on Selenium and TestNg. Now the project has been moved to NetEase https://github.com/NetEase/Dagger
Originally based on pyjenkinsci... release tree: https://github.com/salimfadhley/jenkinsapi
Minecraft client in C#
Quickly find out which JS framework the current website is using
Poopie Wars! (an embarrassing Asteroids clone)

A command line tool to use the RESTlos Monitoring Configuration API
A library for dealing with SOAP requests and responses. We tear our hair out so you don't have to.
Mini identity server that queries your router to find out who's in the office
Perl Module: Inline::CPP: Include C++ code inline within Perl code.
A little IRC bot that when asked nicely will tell you the names of the open cards in a list on a Trello board
assignments, resources, readings, and projects for winter 2012 cpj internships
Gidole - Open Source Modern DIN
Beyond the Standard Model ttbar like events analysis
Python 3 port of apt-listchanges.

Python Transifex API
Application to assist users in creating a guide for League of Legends
PCB design for the micromouse project @ RU IEEE 2012
Website deployment tool
NextGEN Enhancer Wordpress Plugin
A nice little side panel for iOS.
Browse and stream content from a variety of online MMA sources.
plot your visitors locations in real time 
A Django app for generating PDF/DOCX reports from (simple) HTML documents
A Backbone.Sync replacement for Lawnchair.js based JSON storage
Ruby RPC backed by Protobufs
JavaScript written Class to evaluate a password (score from 0 to 100). Usefull to show a User how good is his choosen password.
Generic Payment Interface. Thought to be used by all payment processors implemented for CakePHP. It might get also a non CakePHP specific branch.
Library for Facebook-enabled network games, based on Three Rings' Game Gardens service



A variety of drop-in components for building your Chute-enabled apps
Software Transactional Memory Implementation for the JVM
Single page app and main interface for Coduno
a plugin to add a reddit-style system of link sharing, commenting, and rating to WordPress
python module starter
Bootstrap for WordPress Plugins
Free MT4 trade copier - Metatrader4 EA software to copy all trades from one to one or more Metatrader4 terminals written in MQL4 language (*.mq4)
Registration of point cloud data captured with a Kinect using PCL.
HBase-Writer is an extension to the Heritrix open source crawler written by the Internet Archive (http://crawler.archive.org/) that enables it to store crawled content directly into HBase tables.
Open project collaboration with a GTD attitude.

Distributed Asynchronous Reactive Components (aka. roscpp implementation using boost.asio)
Extensible PHP framework using packages, internal events, resources and much more.
Password generation and management tool
A module to install Gosa, an LDAP management tool
A script for versioned backups using rsync and hard links (or btrfs snapshots) to preserve space. Some advanced features are also available. A remote helper script in order to lock MySQL tables and/or use LVM snapshots as backup source, is also provided.
Python port of git-svn-mirror utility written in Ruby by Eloy Duran.
Email engine for CakeLog, CakePHP 2.x
A Polyglot Persistence Engine

rails car listing
Using gulp, bower and sass like a boss
Include Euclid algorithm, Extend Euclid algorithm, Extend Euclid algorithm using recursion, Fermart primality test, Lehmann primality test and Solovay-Strassen primality test.
:scroll::briefcase: tool to export wiki from SourceForge project (used for PDL wiki)
this is not a HTTP request lib like the ones you see around, it is REAL BROWSAH!
node.js solution for tagsobe
a remote democracy system originally intended to enable remote participation for Occupy General Assemblies
The Artsy Engineering Open-Source Developers Blog
A javascript library to parse (and render) org-mode files
QuickApps CMS pack de traduction multingue
Boom is an application which is intended to crash, like the Bomb.app application of the first Mac OS X betas. 
Readable milliseconds for you and other humans. Node.js

Liar's Dice IRC Bot in Node.js

Node.js app for AtlantaNodejs.org
Some websites disallow pasting into password fields. This Safari extension fixes that misfeature.
A Spotify app that plays a random track when you press a button

Control and view your browser from... another browser.

Track DOM changes made by jQuery
web app framework
Tesselate is a jQuery plugin to create grid-based (Nivo Slider-like) image transition effects
FreeSWITCH Dynamic config files served by Innate + CouchDB
Fathr is a open PHP Framework with a CMS built on top - But you can of course just use the Framework itself. It is inspired by Codeigniter and CakePHP.
Topgun, developed three years ago as a spare time project, is an android based jet game. You control the plane to dodge the bullets and try to survive as long as possible. I created the game four years ago started without any knowledge in android developm

Feeds converted to messages in Pidgin using DBus
The mysql connection pooling module for a prefork server (like php). You can limit the number of connections by shariing connections bewteern a parent process and child processes
Some javascript to help generate your next band/company name
JsLint Checker with JsLint4Java for Sublime Text 2
A blog extension to N2Bootstrap

A compiling version of Launcher 2 from the Android ICS source code
A set of helper functions I've been using in various XCode projects, abstracted for great good!
C++ Template Meta-programming Prelude Implementation
Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8 class to bind string with HTML bold tags in XAML application.
Python script for breaking or atomizing OAI-PMH repositories into simpler text formats

Builds a resume from your LinkedIn profile using JasperSoft's tools

miltons-machine is an open source library of Ruby code primarily dedicated to the analysis and "practical" application of set theory for musical composition - as defined in the various contexts of 12 tone theory and its offshoots (e.g. Forte, Morris, Star
Remote control your philips TV using a web application
A little generator for LICENSE files
A PHPUnit test case class with additional functionality.

Dotfiles for Mac using zsh
A python script that helps you stay sane when working with external people who provide your iOS project with resources
Capistrano deployment recipes for mono web application
programming experiments
TwiGrid - datagrid built on top of Nette Framework
Instant Translator for Google Chrome
A node.js module that turns an array of data into a graph in a pdf document. Uses gnuplot and ps2pdf.
Forecast is a website which tells you tomorrows weather forecast using GeoLocation to locate you.

Space fleet programming game

2nd version of cirru-editor
A Vagrant+Chef setup for Ubuntu 12.04.1 (Precise Pangolin). Comes complete with the latest and greatest for PHP Development
A helper library for cgkit This provides some useful function to handle BVH animation format with cgkit
An implementation of the LiveReload 2.X server in Node.js


This program "appelizes" your music collection into a separate directory, by recoding FLAC and OGG and hardlinking all the others.
Assorted tools to handle RPG Maker 2000/2003 files
Google Safe Browsing Lookup for Ruby
This Markdown extension adds inline LaTeX support without the need for external images.
The main website
Lazy load html from a template when positioned into view.
Natural Language Processing Tools
Provides useful features to Doctrine 2 projects
Ruby Event Store
A tile-based "slippy map" library written in/for C++/Qt. It's meant to enable C++/Qt developers to easily add nice, interactive maps to their applications. Supports zooming, rotating, interactive custom map objects, transparency, etc. It is a Qt map widge

Objective-C 2 parser for recurrent rules with ability to parse iCalendar RRULE format (from RFC 5545 spec). ported from https://github.com/skyporter/rrule_parser   Currently testing on iOS 5+- under  MIT License

poky for translation
A free implementation of the Cisco ios/asa/catalyst command "begin" (similar to how egrep -i -A would work if you could specify <rest of lines> after -A) 
More Muc Than You Can Handle
Library for reading and writing Scratch files
A class based programming DSL for Javascript
Android application for hard-of-hearing people 
Online documentation for freistilbox
Map Tile Collection Wrapper programs
A javascript based database for local memory based storage of data or resources
The MVVM framework you don't even know is there.
Android skills planning and tracking application
code for setting up Planet Python India 
A Zend Framework 2 website for the IGN Entertainment Engineering department.
Photography website - wp theme
This daemon enables you to make easy backups of your different systems. The clients are basically platform independent - as long as they support rsync.
CUDA implementation of Expectation-Maximization algorithm.
Solution to programming questions (Project Euler, UVa, etc)

ai intro assgn 1
Implementation of geocoder using SphinxSearch
An implementation of the FISH file sharing protocol
A multi user realtime canvas application using Node.js and websockets using Socket.IO
A try at asynchronous file I/O in twisted. Maybe it will work.
Caralis will not be further developed since finally there's a Apache License compatible clean Torrent implementation - ttorrent.



An emacs minor mode for developing in Ruby on Rails

Party component
Festival Extension for php
Create Github repositories from the command line.
python xmpp test client
A static asset manager for django, built on the assumption that statics are served using application code
drupal developer functions that i'd like to add or override
tv guide with fast loading times
datatypes for xlib programming in chicken scheme

C++ implementation of the card game shithead

Proof of concept - define Minecraft-like block geometry through mathematical functions in XNA using IronPython
BD_BOX is an open source, scalable Brownian dynamics package for UNIX/LINUX platforms. BD_BOX uses flexible bead models to represent macromolecules

WebSite Lineage
Java class library that allow you to encrypt / decrypt a string or a file with many algorithms.
Matches translatable messages to text extracted from program screenshots

BeanSpy is an open source Java servlet technology provided by Microsoft to retrieve JMX information from Java EE application servers
Javascript Library for ShowClix Search API
Clojure URL web crawler.
Haskell client support for SMTP
Like Buzzwords, without the buzzwords
Encargo de RBZ
Remote backup tool written in Python 3
Invoicing system
A chess engine I wrote some time ago. I like chess and this seemed like a fun project. The engine isn't complete, it doesn't know about pawn promotions, and the AI isn't all that strong. But it does work, to some extent.
A daemon for pianobar (6xq.net/projects/pianobar), the command-line pandora client. Pianoserver allows a pianobar user to run it in the background as a daemon and control it from any terminal on demand.
iOS project illustrating a weak reference issue with OCMock
A Java implementation of the DNS.com API
Black Jack like game I made to learn Java
Promise-based async tools: multivalent deferrals, pipelines, multiplexes, procedures

Team Management for Distributed and Offshore Software Development with MongoDB and .NET
A ZK component like JQuery Chosen
Event-based neural network simulator for pulse coupled neurons
[WARNING: under construction! Feel free to join.] SAC implementation written in C
Automatically select audio and subtitle tracks, output format, and cropping for easy use of HandbrakeCLI
A  webfrontend (mysql/php) to analyze and search in a bunch of information that mediainfo_CLI get out of mediafiles

websocket sample

Collected public data and tools concerning a formal experiment conducted with tagstore 
Sample project developed in cakephp

GUI engine
Telestrekoza post parsing plugin
version 2 of the flux qc app
Shell script that automate the installation of java tools
A cross-platform python library to retrieve the current user's special folders (like Images, Documents, Videos etc.).
\N
a tiny jquery plugin for creating noise on specific elements
A WordPress plugin that allows for creation of custom post types through the admin interface.
PHP library for the Karotz REST API
component tester
transform XML file to jQuery Mobile
android app to manage loudness of the ongs on your device
A little Hangman-Game to learn C++
use flask on google app engine
A code igniter module for role based access which can also be based on groups
Liquid theme for Rusic's help buckets
A Wordpress plugin to add location info to posts and aggregate them on a Google Map
Library of commonly-used helper functions for Haskell

Source code for all of the arrow solution kits.
Brand new theme for the telestrekoza 2012

CLR sql agent for SQL Server
The github pages by tuvokki
Translation Error Rate (TER)

Logbot tails local log files to an IRC channel.

Tool for making backups using s3cmd at Dahnielson.com
Jester is a Java micro Unit-Testing framework





Yet Another Blog Engine

Local Application Port system

A Little Chess Client/Server made with C and rpcbind

Sixth version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*
Second version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*-VP
some usefull shell script (ubuntu oriented)

form template with css library
mixi page app sample using catalyst


The code that powers denachtdienst.org a website where friends can share their music.
Wordpress templates and plugins used for seekingmichigan.org
 TemplateEngine2: completely PHP based templating system with a completely pluggable framework
A concentration / matching game written for the iPad
Supports all three PS3 controllers via Bluetooth using the USB Host Shield from http://www.circuitsathome.com/ - This is the old version of the library. The newest one can be found at the following link: https://github.com/felis/USB_Host_Shield_2.0
Somewhere to keep any Jquery plugins we develop.
Connect to the Jira API via Zend Framework OAuth

Extension for Google Chrome to keep track of your great non-smoking life!

given a list of airports, and a list of flight to and from those airports, FlightScheduler will find the shortest path from any airport to any other airport
Project to sync iTunes on the Mac to your Android phone


Open Source XHTML, CSS, PHP and Javascript for WordPress sites built by Loud Feed

js server and ui for semflow
A lightweight NBT file reader/writer library
Bridgy pulls comments and likes from social networks back to your web site. You can also use it to publish your posts to those networks.
easy newsletter system based on ruby on rails 3.1

Save client-side drafts for Omeka Admin
ruby wrapper for the webmetrics api
C++ string reference class
A disk cleanup tool that thoroughly scans your computer for unnecessary and invalid files no longer being used by the system. Removes items missed by Windows Disk Cleanup and popular tools like CCleaner.

IsUnit ensures your unit tests don't have external dependencies or dependencies on other classes unless explicitly stated making your code clean and easy to refactor
simulates media queries to run javascript code

Random tools that come in handy
experiementation based on http://java.ociweb.com/mark/clojure/article.html
Chat application that doesn't require login or anything installed. Written in Node

Theo Armour GitHub home page

Sync JS automatically updates HTML, Scripts, data, and other resources within dynamic web pages. Unlike other JS frameworks, Sync JS attempts to significantly reduce the amount of JavaScript needed to create dynamic web applications.   The framework uses 
A tool to help people who take medication keep track of it. You can buy it for $5 on my website or if you're geeky enough, build it from source!

In this challenge you will work on a simulation problem with a hydrographic theme. You will be asked to progressively fill an underground cave with water. The cave sports a particular topography of rock formations that will affect the way in which the wat
backup from inception with photos update but disqus distorts
fquit is a program that makes killing processes by name much more convenient under OSX
Google Chrome extension that shows a pop-up containing in-play and coming up football events on Betfair.
Listagem de produtos
Deck of Cards for Android
Entity Framework Code First Caching Mechanism
Fachschaft Tools Fachschaft Physik Marburg

A work in progress email reminder site.
Gemoji's blog

Site for selling and buying books
Karpinski Practice Website
A Makefile template for compiling web sites
simulacion de perfil en flash
Sexy and Sex no like.


A BrowserCMS module to integrate a google mini search appliance into CMS site.
A Backbone plugin to allow for Models structured with Fields.
Control principal y control de actitud
Bahs productivity scripts
ConTeXt file for generating hanzi practice sheets
C to Brainfuck Compiler (it is a long-term work, which is stilll under development)
A easy whiteboard with backlogs and tasks that can be assigned to a team members
bash history collector.  Web (php/mysql) component plus bash functions
\N
game idea implmented with twitter/ruby
Group video organization and discussion tool

Tool to assist in the creation of ODF files, template-based for a magazine project at school.
A math library for graphics operation providing vector and matrix algebra and some other useful classes for describing colors, dimensions, points and rectangles. All classes are available in mutable and immutable variants.
Profile (aka. CV, Resume) generator for IT freelancers (multi-format, multi-language)


Google Anaylitcs inpost trackevent
play application to display content indexed by reindxr



Extensiones de la anterior
MediaWiki extension to add Twitter Widget in the sidebar.
An interactive (improved?) version of cd, with inspiration from Finder


A practice management software suite for managing patients and orders. 

Importing CSV data file into an iOS app via email attachment
An Object Oriented File Class for C++
Open-Source Web Code Editor
files/theme setup & plugins playground
A spin-off of Written Kitten for LaTeX assignments
Sample app for https://github.com/justinfrench/formtastic/issues/714

Calibrate a camera in C++ using OpenKraken. An exercise for IMAC (Engineering school). You select identical points in different photographies and the application finds the coordinates in 3d of these points. Useful !
Scripts to get Max OS X set up as a development machine
github page
Your task is to write a Logo-like program that is capable of producing ASCII art. You will be provided with an input file containing a list of commands which when parsed and executed should produce an ASCII drawing.

Esto es una prueba de github
Monitors Delayed Jobs in Rails


semestral work for MKR course (CTU FEE mobile and cooperative robotics course)
Projet du cours de compil
Projet Java pour l'ENSIIE
Allows BrowserCMS to export a sitemap for search engines to help with Search Engine Optimization (SEO).
Submits your clipboard text to PasteBin.com and gives you the URL to the paste, doing everything without requiring you to open your web browser.
Script to send SMS messages via http://unisender.com api
Set of components used to create a complete CMS dashboard.
python/libusb tool for reading images from fingerprint reader
A web project based on java spring
The Flash application that is used to access virtual worlds and games on the Bit Whirl platform.

Stupid continuous deployment tool. Probably nobody else will care about
\N
XCP's bug reporting tool ported to Debian
A single player Rails 3.1 & Coffeescript BlackJack game

One-click switcher between Yandex and Google SERPs
Backup of all packages to install  a server with PHP, MySQL, PhpMyAdmin, ...

JOMC is an object management and configuration application programming interface with corresponding reference implementation and tools for managing object management and configuration code.
Simpla WordPress Theme with support for widgets


Performance Test Server Component
Juego de poker web
Twin Ion is a nodeJS-based game engine for SWCCG


C# library for sending and receiving data over HTTP(S). Or a peon to do your HTTP bidding.

flood module for coscms
some things for the internet
Server-side aggregator of RSS, email, tweets, google+, etc

Plataforma de entrenamiento de Ajedrez
OpenFlow Test Tool
Pull information about a Code Repository into your PHP application. (Okay, really just Git for now.)
Scala implementation of a popular deck building card game.

Static files for CTDA's installation of Romeu
PHP / Zend Framework sample code
Utileria para emitir Comprobantes con CBB

Git hosting tools
WordPress plugin using Custom Post Types, Custom Taxonomies and a "mini" custom admin interface. For adding and deleting "Quotes", this NOT the same as WordPress' Quote Post Format

The Offensive (Web, etc) Testing Framework (aka owtf) is an OWASP+PTES-focused try to unite great tools and facilitate pen testing

Google Reader Watcher Firefox extension

Vim-like keybindings for Kanbanery
Howto use aspects with Spring Data Neo4j
Ausgabenverwaltung - track your expenses
A simple, lightweight, flexible and multi-purpose (X)HTML/XML Web scraper to be used in Python solutions.
Galleryable behavior and ajax-gallery based on Uploadify
Using node.js to send updates to an AJAX table
Make Wolves attack when you use Projectiles! Works in Mob Arena too!
Web app for financial management
Open Source by Alfa Janog site
A jQuery plugin to help with the 'blank slate' form experience
Controle de eventos e atividades do M
Rails Backend for Google Chrome HTTP Status Code Lookup Extension
NOTE: Has moved to: https://github.com/amplify91/RAW-Gdx
Parses the NXT RXE file format and disassembles the NXT bytecode
Core library for KaraCos-UI
A library supporting an Smalltalk translation of ML-style sum and product types, with Scala-style extractors..


Our Server for the Warlords of Hell Runescape Private Server Project Developed by DarkSlayerz (Mostly Server work) and Three Omar (Mostly Client Work) and WTF Ur Zerk for some help and Harlan is getting he's credits aswell.

An application to view CSV files on the console.

Tetris implemented in JavaScript and the HTML canvas element
A GUI Application for Linux that show SMS Messages from the SMS Message Backup Android App
A project with the aim to create a site presenting pictures that are being added on a specific date.
Davy Crockett tracks users as they navigate your website
Quickly evaluates distance when travelling between 2 or more addresses stored in contacts.
A python library for dictionary-based analysis/synthesis of (musical) audio 
\N
A re-imagined CLI.  Customizable syntax, help, permissions, data types.
A slightly modified version of ChibiPaint (http://www.chibipaint.com/)
School related work

Python helper classes to access CouchDB
Ruby FFI wrapper for uchardet

javascript army list editor engine for all ArmyCalc apps to use.
A memory game, which is very similar to simon. Can't miss one or you will lose!
A group chat web-app utilizing Google App Engine and GWT/Sencha GXT
Code to run the custom Two Photon microscope built by the Functional Optical Imagain Lab at University of Texas (BME dept)
Boilerplate setup for App Engine using Go

Quick scaffolding of new .net class libraries and web projects using PowerShell.
Timetraking application

Mozilla: Common BIPostal storage libraries
java based postgis visualisation engine

Linked Data Application Builder
Sublime Text 2 package of snippets for node/async

Rdefs is a tiny Ruby script that extracts class, module, method, attribute definitions from a given Ruby source code.
Python implementation of Efron, Turnbull, and Narasimhan's R function locfdr v1.1-7, which computes local false discovery rates. See http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/locfdr/ for more information.
grails application for the storage of a/v metadata
An android application that calculates the percentage of alcohol in your blood stream.

(obsolete, unmaintained) tsung config generator
Java bindings for MEI
Our internal forge system for CMSMS related projects.
solver for bubble blast 2 game on android
Geneseo Course Scheduler
Golang Cryptographic Signing package (based on Django 1.4)
Vim Configs and Plugins for porting across machines
The helper is a library where a specific function can do in plug and play.
Contented aims to be an exceptionally stable and well-tested Rails app to serve as a basis for launching new apps (particularly ones that need content such as a blog, etc.) quickly without having to reinvent the wheel every time.
A toy Haskell HTML parser that can pretty-print a well-formed subset of HTML
This is a php command line tool for getting data from www.getclicky.com. It uses the Clicky API and downloads the data in batches.
useful functional c# extensions
Tools for the role playing games master.
A static-file Markdown blogging engine.
Turntable Plus - a fan-made Chrome Extension!
Client library to Solum API. See: https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Solum
Signed and unsigned cookies based on Keygrip
Providing consistent APIs for interacting with your DirecTV Set-Top-Box (STB), because someone had to do it.

Aspose.Slides for Java Examples
A JavaScript Development Tool
An Etherpad based on node.js - Our goal is to make collaborative editing the standard on the web
The Oxygen font family. A desktop/gui font family for integrated use with the KDE desktop.
For my undergrad thesis I am building an automatic poet. The idea is to implement an evolutionary algorithm that can construct a poem using fitness functions trained on a text-based corpora.
A set of C++ libraries based on different premises than the STL/Boost libraries
The Solidity Contract-Oriented Programming Langauge
A Gravity Force / Turbo Raketti / Thrust game clone and platform
Android application that notifies you of your contacts' birthdays and anniversaries.
HTTPS Everywhere is a Firefox and Chrome extension that encrypts your communications with many major websites, making your browsing more secure.
fabric scripts for easy deployment
Task execution system (general)
Converts characters from one "encoding" to another using a transformation (think HTML entities, not character encodings)
Emacs.d setting for HTML / CSS / JS programming
An extension of the mustache text template engine for .NET.
UBBMarkup makes mixing PHP and HTML easy by staying in the world of PHP. Think of UBBMarkup as a print() function especially for html.
JCore is a Proof of Concept and the code name of the next PressObjects version
A project for TEDx labs, this source was used to create a Bop-It style game using fruit as touch sensors.
Maven useful plugins development repository.
Follow users on your BuddyPress site. Similar to Twitter!
LFSR library for C

An open-source Airbrake read client for iOS.
source repository server over ssh
An open-source, cross-platform, 3D graphics and game-development framework using Haxe/Lime

Team-based player tags for Bukkit servers.
Code for the redesign of www.holyfireministries.com
Useful automation scripts. Mostly in Python... and Ruby
iOS lined note textview. It's a quick start for those who plan to create a lined note in iOS. It uses block based call back for menu actions in note.
Various HTTP helpers to simplify server-side development.
Feedback and usage report repository for UF data set http://www.gbif.org/dataset/832a5f06-f762-11e1-a439-00145eb45e9a.

Sinatra::Mapping extension is a minimal module that is useful for create map names for Sinatra web application.
A PHP-based authentication system. Please see the project site for the bugtracker and wiki.


Dashing-weather allows you to generate weather widgets and jobs for Dashing, the incredibly handsome dashboard framework
Generic tournament based card game server 
Rails-based version of sendmail
Blog
Logback encoder which creates JSON for use with Logstash
Statistical Machine Translation implementation with Python: especially IBM Model1, 2, and phrase-based machine translation.
Excite: External Citation processor. Use LaTeX like post-processing to organize your references in a word processing document.
Code for Princeton Class websites.
a C++ deep learning framework based on cuv, with python bindings
pentest floating repo, based off git submodules), and some useful scripts i wrote
Use WaniKani's (http://www.wanikani.com/) API in your Ruby applications
RubyMotion automatically converts NSNull.null instances to nil making it... difficult to store an NSNull instance.  This class and category on NSObject might help!
a pseudo wiki build wih git and some markdown rendering
A Google Appengine project template using zc.buildout
Make your sharing widget! Sharrre is a jQuery plugin that allows you to create nice widgets sharing for Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus (with PHP script) and more.

IRC Bot used at irc.devhat.net
Async control flow library for Node.js and the browser.
surplus water allocation system created with codeigniter and bootstrap
A set of R scripts for automated horse racing actions

LocalStorage storage implementation for MarsDB
LocalForage storage implementation for MarsDB
Reactive Programming for Scala and Scala.js (former Monifu).

This is an API Evangelist research site for API aggregation services.
Easy to use Espresso contributions for UI Testing with Realm components (RealmRecyclerView, etc) 
Enhanced Version of the jQuery Cookie plugin that uses HTML5's localStorage feature and that support chunking of values in multiple cookies to save big size content.
Wrapper script and config files to use neovim+konsole as a normal gui text editor

This is an additional module for Stab which lets you use Github-comments on your own hosted copy of Stab.
Landing Page for McRae Design
This is a website that will change constantly, until a decision is made for what type of site it will be.
An viewer/editor for exploring Alkali variable data flow/dependencies, and their connection to visual DOM elements on a page
Re-creation of the Gliese 876 system
Activity Transitions with RecyclerView list items
An implementation of EuroRails in C#
Android application to help communication via pictures
Full-stack web app inspired by Meetup built on Rails, React/Flux, jQuery, HTML/CSS
A set of utilities
The dot grid planner builder using react (and devise)
RxJS-flavored version of HTTP fetch API for node.js
helper for tkinter
An API server template written in TypeScript 
Sums up all your steam transactions given the generated HTML of https://store.steampowered.com/account/history/
Telegram API implementation based on Feign
AI agents that are built based on the game Antics, used in the AI class at the University of Portland
Java SpringMVC frontend application for frontend-shortURL.

Node/JS/Socket - A Fan Project (to be used as a compliment to the Spyfall game, but not endorsed by Alexandr Ushan or the publisher Hobby World)
Clymate is a weather app that displays the current weather as well as the UV index for any given location in a beautiful interface.
Blaze select input component to use with the Inspinia Bootstrap Admin Theme
Kerbal Space Program Status and Control Panel
This gamemode starts out like Secret Teams where no teams are colored but when someone gets a kill however their color is shown on tab you would have to find out teams by people getting kills.
cinch plugin allowing play-by-IRC of Coup Rebellion G54
Just some fun particle systems!
getting data from Wikipedia and Weather API using Sinatra and Unirest
Adds you as a selfie to photos you share
PDF File Fixing Tool
Eclipse projects to create the update-site and the generated output
a boosting-based Multiple Instance Learning (MIL) package that includes MIL-Boost and MCIL-Boost
Wintersmith project template with riotJS and bourbon/bitters/neat

Securely upload temporary files on your server
A script to execute commands when something is changed.
Solutions to common C# interview questions.
A two-dimensional esoteric programming language inspired by J
This is a C version of the SCF code found in Appendix B of Modern Quantum Chemistry, An Introduction to Electronic Structure Theory by A. Szabo and N. Ostlund. I have included a built executable "scf_basic_version_1_0" and an output file called "out" whic
Landing page for Role.
A set of shell scripts and systemd units to co-ordinate periodic taking of photos and transferring them to a web server. All raspberry pi-s.
Python Program that will convert a (just about) any CSV file to a QIF file
new project site
Remote copy of folders/files using socket.io
A generic plugin system that might wrap around eb
Plugin for GitBooks that provides analytics (via Clicky) for your documentation.
A dict-like object supports recursive merge operation for python

System path updator for Windows
Generate a podcast RSS feed from files stored in Azure Blob Storage
The W3C Geometry Interfaces implemented in JavaScript and polyfilled.
EasyPHP Website
Java ILP is a simplified java interface to (mixed) integer linear programming solvers like, e.g., lp_solve, Glpk, SAT4J (0-1 ILP), CPLEX, or Mosek.
LvL 99 Lua scripts backup.

rancher-agent for RancherOS + SpotInst.com with a #cloud-config user data.
returns link created for adding to front page
Scrapes a random set of asset links from opengameart.org.
Android app for collaborative listening on Spotify

An Webpack Startet Kit with some of the new technologies (Webpack, Webpack dev server, Babel, ES2015, PostCSS)
This android app is to remind good things which you have done in your life.Later your mind will be happy after reading those good things which you have done.
A school notice board type thing.
Use ffprobe to get info from media files and return as JSON
Captcha for Android

Adds interface options for interacting with the V8 developer tools.
Source for http://cs.brown.edu/~ksinghal
Python tricks and tweaks presentation files
This program takes in an array of stock prices, one for each hypothetical day and returns a pair of days representing the best day to buy and the best day to sell. Days start at 0.
A python 2, openCV project that analyzes how busy a location is through image or video analysis
Plugin that controls the importing of content onto the david.vg site
A list of recipes to testing your React code
a program for selecting attractive/serious portraits from a personal photo collection
Horizontal and vertical scrollbars designed for the canvases - specifically, the tkinter library of Python 3.5. However, if the tkinter specific commands were changed it could easily be used for other canvas based objects as the theory behind the GUI is t
A cross platform electron based app that will handle launching the game client and dealing with the servers for other tasks like matchmaking
In-memory cache to retrieve and set values based promise resolution.
A program made for my school CS class that allows you to build a logic gate circuit and execute it using the console, written in Java.
Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment ( c++ )
Markdown to PDF conversion server on node.js, POST *.md, retrieve *.pdf result
Loopback Admin Component
Log when you work during the day.
find files using helm, but not using helm-find-file
Implements Kruskal's algorithm for finding the Minimum Spanning Tree (MST) of a graph in Racket (specifically in Advanced Student Language). The graph API is also contained in this file.
Web page for exploring the complete graph on 64 vertices.  This graph has 2016 edges.  Happy New Year
:shell: Script to configure SSN wifi proxy settings in ubuntu
Open Source DLP/SLA Host control and slicing application, inspired by projectlayer, using Slic3r for slicing.
Override Python dict contents with YAML file and/or environment variables
Potentially makes the process of sending your friends a Happy New Years email faster
A cli-wrapper for Media Player Classic: Home Cinema's remote web interface using Python
Client kick/ban tool for Modern Warfare 2
ChatWithMe! is a real-time chat application where users can create and join public and private chat rooms to start conversations.
PHP is a popular general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited to web development. Fast, flexible and pragmatic, PHP powers ever..
List of cars app
Helper provider to assist in general crud functions of a restful controller

JSON test data generator, node.js server accepting JSON Schema with annotations conforming to json-schema-faker, and returns JSON sample data.
Bootstrap web site for NQI
Emulate In-memory storage like database
A Nukkit plugin which adds some useful commands in game like '/sethome'
Test-Driven Development, from the very beginning, with Python (Django app)

Actor Push notification server - replacement for Google Cloud Messaging
Using PHP to generate a social network web application; MySQL was used in the back-end.


Integrates the SITS Vision student information system with Moodle 2.x
An intuitive, action-based, chainable helper library for Protractor
Plugin for unicode character entry in Sublime Text, targeted at LuaTeX.

Web development with careerfoundry
Sails.js Realtime MVC Framework for Node.js
Source code for "Unsupervised Lexicon Discovery from Acoustic Input ", Lee et al, 2015 TACL
React Native GridView
Game created for a 48 hour game jam with friends in June of 2015
Parse react source file and generate html or markdown table
Mac OS Installation Helper is a tool to that can help you install Mac OS to any supported laptops.

Kaggle competition CIFAR-10 - Object Recognition in Images (https://www.kaggle.com/c/cifar-10)
Environment configuration tools
Various scripts for solving problems in 2D and 3D CG and some other stuff
Amazon Wish List Scraper - Alerts users when price of items in their wish list changes.
fonts to use with athena based projects
Smart Garage application
Himesama is a YhavaScript library for building user interfaces.  Its just like React, except components re-render in response to a single global state (like in redux) rather than states distributed to each component.
jQuery Responsive Drag & Drop Bucket Filtering
Swift library for building AI social networks
LINQ-like functions in JavaScript
some 8bit emulators: Apple1, Commodore PET
UIkit components built with React (Meteor package)
A repository that contains Minecraft PE's ModPE Scripts, Addons, and more
Redactor plugin for copy formatting of text in editor and applying to another text in editor
pluggable irc bot in python
Markdown editor with live previewer built in React.js (react-markdown, babel ES6 to react components, webpacker, eslint)
Simplified view module
Library to create UI elements for Browser based games
Free Code Camp's Timestamp API Basejump.
Locates all files in directory hierarchy that match some criteria

iOS apps and Android apps, BlackBerry apps with similar functionality.
System made to play the game Street fighter II from the SNES based in a Neural Network Machine Learning
Website screenshot capturer written in Go.
This is an API Evangelist research site for realtime services.
A RESTful API + websockets framework for managing containers over a set of Docker Nodes. 
use for creating message board 
Erlang Firebird client library.
pipsi-tool is set of helpers for pipsi.
Groovy Script
create restfullapi (Web service)
Golang client for Alibaba diamond config manage system.
Let's Compose React Containers
A C# implementation of Twitter's text processing library

Its a kind of toolkit to track the exception arising in the application and it will generate a json and can upload in your server using your own post url.
SAKURA Cloud API client for Go
Class to automatically include files
Mariadb docker image with some customizable variables.
ios objective-c code snippets and plugin for Xcode
Generates Mazes using Algorithm from Data Structures
A jekyll template made to serve content in JSON format. Administered your content with Github or prose.io and deploy your JSON API to Github pages. 
Rapidly develop your API client - based on rapidash
A free framework for Unity that will help drastically increase the development speed and feature set of your games.
Creates tags of MP3 files according to filename.
Plethora is an open-source PHP framework which gives a set of tools to create web-applications.
Front-End JavaScript Frameworks: AngularJS from HK University
Advisor: Free Lead-Generating Landing Page
This is application for listening the tcp server and get messege from the that server
Wordpress  plugin. tally sheet to save daily work
Universal CMS to use with any web
This tool will help you to generate a Config.ttc file with your own connection stuff.
Old school project, for a connect-4 solver and AI.
Donkey Kong  terminal game  written in python 
This minimal Arduino based clock was created to replace our faulty bedroom clock until we purchase a new one :P
Toby's javascript git implementation.
Flask-powered responsive version of the web site for Curves+.
Server for storing touch data received from Android devices with touchlogger installed on

Some kind of depedency injection in python. But with await/async, because I can.
A koa middleware works as development server for webpack.
API for mobile application
Editable HTML Tables
RideSafePk is Android app like uber with WCF web service in visual studio 2013
ICE.GS new theme.
Create an index of (geojson) layers, which can be used in the stand-alone client.
A chess clock created at the Innovation Camp at CG
This is a Python software that tries to read and work data from a SAP SQL Database extraction
Back-up to your Stack storage
Translation module for meteor astronomy
download javascript generated html
A Java application for finding Polydivisble numbers
Weather service es6 from openweathermap.org source
Structured Data Markup Class for SEO
Wordpress Theme for BD Guide
Play steam games inside a docker container.
Cloud orchestration project
Implementation of Particle Swarm optimisation Algorithm in C language
A Super Mario project developed in C for the university TUHH in Germany
Streaming data from a Node server to draw a dynamical heatmap with Maperial.js
Server: Unity3d & EQEMU
Just a fun bot for a twitch channel using the PricBot framework for easy acces to the tiwtch irc servers
A backup tool for GitHub repositories
Bluez5 and PulseAudio in a docker for recieve and send sound via a2dp
Reads pulses from watermeter trhough CTS on serial port
New design of Hevicado application
FlowGrid is a visual dataflow programming environment for Android.
A command line tool for managing font data on a single svg file
Docker container for Logitech Media Server

Routes HTTP Requests to AWS Lambda
Log Sense HAT sensor data and show it in a web app
PHP package for encrypting and decrypting files
Android application
rails-dev docker-image w/ related gem bundled
Sponge plugin that handles some things for the server The Unknown.
A Python bot that queries every AppID on the steam store for given passwords the user enters for the Steam Winter Sale 2015/2016 ARG
Check certificates in a java keystore without having to know the keystore password
android fr24 base on ionic 
a go version sockfile https://github.com/Steveice10/sockfile
Google App Invites for React Native
to send generic mails using the mandrill API in PHP as server side. (Web based only)
A Command Line Utility made in Python for Windows to Rename the Song as "Artist Name-Song Name" and make the first Google Image Search Result of "Artist Name-Song Name" as the Album Art of the Song
GDB plugin to dump SECCOMP rules set via prctnl(PR_SET_SECCOMP, SECCOMP_MODE_FILTER)

The editor for the WinBox engine
Node.js module to manage SSH Configuration files in a sane way.
Create a Unix-like permissions string from an `fs.stat` file or directory `mode`, eg `0777`to `-rwxrwxrwx`
some useful coding skill
Just a quick flask site. With a postgreSQL db (hopefully). 
WordPress site for http://www.schome.org/. License required for theme (templatemonster.com 52176).
A Google Chrome extension for WorkFlowy to add markdown support and syntax highlighting in notes
Project tools to classify and sort ebooks
This is the Git repo of the Docker image for the Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid i386 (32bit)
Call initialization functions and load resources and scripts when the document is ready.
Experimenting with string escaping and byte string -> text encodings

A python script to retrieve current weather and forecast data from openweathermap.org for your current position as well as any city arroudn the world. The Data can be loaded in a conky config file.

ToDo List using MEAN Stack + AngularJS
Ionic component for collapsible comment threads

Website for Coop-Fisk
A collection of coding Katas in Ruby And JS
A helper for organising Our Christian Life And Ministry Meeting
Converting Meteors Todo tutorial to typescript while using react for rendering
EasyListView library for Android 

c program to play files in subdirectories in random order
Source code for the experimental, compact "wee" file compression utility.
Tool for generating random api response based on schema
Some go code.
Vue BEM Directive - A vue.js directive for automatic BEM class generation when creating components. A very rough example can be found here: https://jsfiddle.net/at1h1z1z/6/

OpenStack Controller on Docker
movableui theme
Application for taking notes, written in rails.
Library to connect to Stanford NER local Server, send in the Raw Text and get back Entity JSON

A framework for pragmatic web systems development
Cloud Block Storage as a Service
Morra game built for a project in the university
A meteor-angular application
Final content of the system of the group project
Web-based app to systemacically review your queued tasks in Todoist task manager.
Tool to convert senml between formats and act as gateway server to other services
Sticky ScrollView for Xamarin Android. 
Some guy wanted my vesa code, so here it is
Automatically created docker image for php
A storage application for malt and hops built in Django.
Android App to display Google Calendar on a Nook eReader
A collection of gw2 QoL enhancements.
A helper Android library to extend a Map class to make it multi-key.
Blog system built on Node.JS using LEAF framework for front end design.
Static analysis tools for template languages
Lightweight framework for old-school RPG GUI in web!
Raspberry Pi Python Library for Real Time Clock MCP79400
A python program to organize cave topography data and create maps
TuxMath is an arcade game that helps people practice their math facts.

Arch install script
Maven plugin which performs a REST POST request with datafile payload and saves the results to a file
An implementation of Ant Colony System in Java

Awesome tk text editor
R helper package for creating, manipulating, and visualizing Atlantis input files and data
A Python script to help you write more human readable config files for TextMate
A simpe version of the snake game written in python using the curses library

A MongoDB storage driver for Botkit

Java program which allows the user to choose array size, sorting algorithm, worst, best or average case complexity. Based on the input, program will display the time consumption of the selected sorting algorithm
C Plus Plus Games
http://kdl.cs.umb.edu/w/datasets/craters/
Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Scabbia2 Config Component
Scabbia2 Events Component
Scabbia2 LightStack Component
Scabbia2 Scanners Component
python script for mirroring youtube videos
Scabbia2 Tasks Component
Scabbia2 Yaml Component
Scabbia2 Formatters Component
Scabbia2 Services Component
FreeCodeCamp exercises from http://www.freecodecamp.com/
Scabbia2 Testing Component
Scrapper API for twitter user data using Flask. Study purposes.
Version bumping without the b
Norad Framework Core
A Selfie Caption Generation Network Using CNN and RNN with LSTM cells
Different experiments using Node.js
Some docker images and convenience scripts for g-2 development
CryptoppECC-Encryption/Decryption using ECC(Elliptic curve cryptography) for iOS and MacOSX
Backup scripts using DAR


Be a library hijacker: using LD_PRELOAD for setting safe home-made memcpy
Rust foreign function (FFI) bindings for the MTBL C library
Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Library and multi-object file format for storing and managing data between machines, https://www.hdfgroup.org/products/hdf4/
popover component for angular applications
C++ server, creates a new process for each connecting client
Honey encryption library (work in progress).


The Ninja Tracker application created by following Meteor + React

The Prosper Community Blog
Enhanced Start - Program Launcher
Packer image build scripts.
Theme for Ghost blogging engine

A app for Nielson Hackathon
Custom text highlighting in UILabel
Collection of tree data structures and iterators for each.
Repo to track theme implementation on tru production server
A file system is designed using C Language where the sector size is 512 Bytes. It is a CUI where we can create, open and delete a file or directory and read, write and seek from a file.
:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component
Android app for font detection
A jQuery/Backbone application in which users can make wolf versions of themselves

Ensure all lines in a CSV contain placeholders for missing columns. Solution for 'missing column' errors when using postgres COPY command

Look up closing price data of any stock with it's stock symbol over a defined date range.
Code used for CEEO and STOMP
Program which makes a double column list of of NIST vulnerabilities
Django application that provides a set of tools for auditing requests and models and improve logging
A website template layout
This is a interactive photo gallery with a real time search box that filters the images. I used HTML, CSS and jQuery to build up this project.
JavaFX application for managing workers and the work they do
An artist bot which uses genetic algorithms on mathematical expression trees to generate artsy animated GIFs.
koa role middleware for use with koa-jwt
Simplified backup tool written in python
Autonomous Airfield and resource management script

Program to get and solve astronomical pictures from an DSLR camera
Monokai Extended dark syntax theme for Atom editor
Github of the epic Terraria mod development team (Wirklich fandasdisch!)
This program is written in Java. This program will determine if an inputted phone number  (as a string) is a palindrome or not. I will be using String, string tokenizer, string buffer, formatting and long integer methods whenever possible (and will be usi
Interactive test suites for PureScript
Material Design implementation with style guide
Easily create software

Webpack Typescript React Testing with Karma
Minify and compress your SQL scripts to help make your applications run faster, smoother and more efficient by improving your SQL queries run time. Please visit - 
downloads planetmoney episodes from 2013-2015
Laravel project

Python module finder/loader from github, like in golang
screenshare chrome extension for tokbox
In this project, I seek to build a machine learning algorithm that can identify Enron employees who might have committed fraud from the Enron financial and email dataset.
Pixi.js template using ES6/2015
An essay exploring different async techniques in JavaScript.
Rails 5 api template app
A JS, CSS Component for Mini-PopOvers in style of OS X El Capitan.
Default scripts for wormbot
A rock paper scissors game using meteor

Simon Says game to learn object-oriented programming
Public code releases for FRC 3081 Kennedy RoboEagles.

A program to parse Minecraft Forge recipes, and turn them into FTB Wiki templates
Maintains a local copy of the eeDomus database
Testbench for integration testing of the JUnit-Tools plug-ins.
Plugin to provide autocompletion for the virtual keyboard (needs skin support)
Vector Drawing App written in Direct2D and MFC
API for Astronomy Pics of the Day site. Written in Node.js
A system bot written in Elixir
Use of built in arrays, but now I used multidimensional arrays to store students grades
Machine for doing OpenStack contributions.  This saves you having to do all the prerequisite stuff on your development machine, so you can just get right to fixing code/docs and submitting.  Some minor tweaking needed to individualize. 
server for statistics for manga reader written with spring boot on kotlin
Turbot scraper for http://missions.opencorporates.com/missions/779/
Programming data structures using C plus plus
An Android application that takes notes
Docker project for creating teamspeak servers.
Nodejs chat app
ruby 2.3.0 development



c++ and openGL chess program
An Opal library for creating view models that use Knockout.js for dynamic HTML DOM updates and event handling.
This is a text editor application in java have similar look like windows notepad
Fluid dynamics component of Chemical Engineering Design Library (ChEDL)
Ansible playbook - Docker LEP stack (3-tier).
Paramalyzer - Burp extension for parameter analysis of large-scale web application penetration tests.
Comment Parser for Casey Neistat 2015 Giveaway


Wordpress Theme Freifunk 

University project about linear programming problem using regression analysis 
Software for syncing notes with LiveSplit using the LiveSplit server component.
Babel plugin to automatically install missing dependencies as you work.
Vanilla JS colorpicker implementation
MarsDB storage implementation based on LevelUP
Geometry library for Elixir
This project will be an Open ID, .net 5, MVC6, React, Dapper, and Breeze base project.
Blank NodeJs + Express app with gulp and everything setup to get up and running fast
Apache Qpid Broker with Web Management (Docker image)
Express.js module for VK server authentication
well-being site developpment
Find synergies in between the elements of your permaculture design !

Generate Google Calendar events from Google Sheets
App website for the Family Medicine Study Guide
MVVM + Rx + DataBinding Framework for Android

Custom chef recipes for spinning up an Ubuntu VM in EC2 with VNC for development on containerized projects from iPad Pro or other thin clients.  Pro tip: Use the Coda iOS app.
5th-class-laravel-3-Happysk created by Classroom for GitHub
A project with backend functionality for convene app
Find dates inside text using Python and get back datetime objects
A development version of Pimcore for Docker
This script enables system admins and Linux/Unix users to create cron jobs that run according to the Hijri calendar and can be related to prayer times.
The essential files for our site theme, based on the free Wordpress theme "Edin"
Final project of 520 Intro. to AI. Naive Bayesian, Perceptron & Neural Network Classifiers for handwrite digits and faces.
Lightweight LibNFC glue for Node.js (intended for reading Mifare Classic RFIDs via ACR122U/USB)
Password Storage
Tool to graphically resize portraits for Baldur's Gate 2
Portfolio Website #2
Delphi 5 - Delphi XE+ compatible version of DUnit.  Currently for the Win32 and Win64 platforms.  Initial checkin is from SourceForge revision 26, the last revision that worked with Delphi 5.
Assignment 1 for 520 Intro. to AI. A Star Search
Easy configuration setting and getting for Laravel projects ("persistent settings")
Linux convenience scripts (bash)
Display preview images with the search list
Set of programs to organize and display desktop wallpapers.
The Freezer - JavaScript blog
Automatically updates vim local settings depending on current file path and user-defined build configurations
A Cisco IP phone config generator written in PHP
Creating an object oriented program to generate Java byte code for any TinyPL program
This repo is useful for iOS developers who wants to animate label on the text field.
Attempt to use Data Driven Model article from Code Magazine

Vim bindings to the HaRe haskell refactoring tool
GPS Disciplined Oscillator Project (Arduino-based, 10MHz,1MHz,10kHz outputs ) 
A progressive web app that offers a vehicle MOT and History check.
Hayashi Empirical Work
A plugin for Unreal Engine 4 that lets you integrate Parse.com native features into your project.
The Nethunter Linux Root Toolkit is a collection of bash scripts which install Nethunter onto a supported device.
Port of the TheoDORE quantum mechanics package (http://theodore-qc.sourceforge.net/) to Python3
A quick guessing game I made for a Powershell class at Bellingham Technical College
A work for any number of musicians in which pitches that are heard most often are slowly removed from the set of available pitches over the course of the piece until no more pitches are left.

Playbook for PHP 7.0, nginx, MariaDB on CentOS 7
Designed and coded an interactive shopping list app using jQuery.
Reader for the binary ".wbm"-extension format created by NCH Software programs such as Wavepad. Implemented in Python.
Exigo corp wordpress
Using meteor with react and es6 classes
The landing page for 10 min MTL
Hang is a Windows 10 client for Google Hangouts
Verify New Torrents Scraper
create your graph and run Dijkstra to get the shortest path between 2 nodes
This is Movie project that you can add  movies to your list with its Title,Score,Description,imdb url and delete movies from your favorite movies list easly
An image curves control UI to be used alongside GPUImage curves filter.
A skeleton of a react web application.
a url search based on the Coursera API, by the Johns Hopkins University - MD
Assignment for freecodecamp.org; an api microservice that parses time values and returns formatted ones. http://www.freecodecamp.com/challenges/basejump-timestamp-microservice
A Game Boy game with collision detection
DES encryption & decryption ( python )
Interactive tool which allows you to generate terrain and save it as a prefab
Create customized maps
Scrape daily currency exchange rates from website
React-Redux-ES6-Webpack version of Book Catalog
A ClowdFlows 2.0 package, which provides data mining widgets based on Weka.
A minimalist react starter-kit
INCOMPLETE deterministic npm-install for shrinkwrapped projects
Earnest's ESLint config for ES7, following StandardJS with added checks
Stress consistency snapshot isolation in various relational databases. See also: https://johann.schleier-smith.com/blog/2016/01/06/analyzing-a-read-only-transaction-anomaly-under-snapshot-isolation.html
Install R packages from GitHub repositories
Java library to add multiple users conversation mecanism to your app.
a library for matching human-quality input to a list of potential matches using the Levenshtein distance algorithm
Remember that stupid game you used to play on your old Nokia all the time?
 A web application that helps individuals and groups organize and create an itinerary for their future travels
Douban HTTP API

A node.js server farm with everything you ever dreamed of
php chat
A JSX view package where Cerebral is first class citizen
Customized ~/.config/awesome
A helper router for resource-specific express routing
Java project to mine EMR data for predictive analysis.

A web framework for .NET
A script for fetching administrative zone data based on postal code from OpenNorth's Represent API  
A four-day Agile project to create an online store in Rails
Using Box2d physics engine and PID controller, have a little craft go where you click it whilst hovering against gravity.
Android application which uses OCR to extract text from images of receipts and documents and backs them upto Google Drive.
Todd's primary github public page repo.
IoT Tower alert we did this last night of 2015!!
Repository for the DevWars website
A viewlet for Plone that show up a Google Maps using the document location field. Also can handle KML files using related contents.
A jQuery plugin which captures the keyboard events and translates them into appropriate MIDI events
Set of tools for initializing and deploying Wordpress sites

DEPRECATED: USE MAPBOX.JS
Automatic offload of user-written Spark kernels to accelerators
Tool for managing list of authorized USB devices on Linux.
Super sparse multi-class machine learning with Cython
\N
Schema (SQL) and Data (JS) Migrations for node.js (for PostgreSQL and MySQL)
A sample iPhone appllication that browse your amazon s3 account
Outil de calcul de medecine pour smartphone
Chris Johnson's HTML project template
Guilded is a framework for building web based components centered around current web standards and best practices.
Grove is a way for developers to share git repositories directly over HTTP, without needing a central service like GitHub to connect them. Developers can share as many repositories as they like, and don't need to push their changes or branches in order to
a PHP API for converting online (HTML) timetables into JSON, XML and more. Currently only supports versions of the Untis timetable software.
Python-like class sugar. No more "var that = this"!
A tool to assist in the publication of biodiversity data
MathLex JavaScript math entry system
Download upstream tarballs and fetch changes from the github API
Helper library for working with VMware from python
A ruby script to download all files from your classic Basecamp account
Pull to refresh ListView like iPhone has, derived from Johan's work
Insert Lorem Ipsum - Sublime Text Plugin
.Net library for intercepting/simulating user input
[Deprecated] use locomotive cms or similar http://locomotivecms.com
RequireJS / Jasmine / r.js / almond skeleton for javascript libraries and modules.
Data-oriented game engine written in Rust
A string extensions library for node.js
Can you keep your little monster alive? Feed him meat and love or it'll die fast! ;)
Page to generate ajax responses with releases for telestrekoza.com
Text based game

An old iOS application which displays the latest software updates from MacUpdate. Never published - No longer developed nor maintained.

OMeta: an Object-Oriented Language for Pattern Matching. PHP implementation of OMeta/JS.















The Puuublic project source code (puuublic.com)
Javascript Editor for SharePoint










This is a Java-based Cloud system emulator with an architecture structured on 4 OOP design patterns.
360 Wordpress Plugin
Localization QA tool
Latex source for geometric algebra and physics notes.
TorqueBox Release Engineering - DO NOT CLONE
FEUP: Computer Laboratory - EIC0020 - 2012/2013 - Graphical text & code editor for Minix 1.8 operative system
A Rails application for tracking my banknote collection.
AuthenSimple plugin for PlugAuth
C# port of http://code.google.com/p/lucene-hunspell/
Keep tabs on expensive Ruby garbage collection. Support for NewRelic RPM and Rack.
Real-time Backbone.js app with iOS styling -- post a message and all other users see it without having to refresh. Extends Backbone Collection & Model objects - adding web sockets (and fallback polling) support (pub/sub), by subscribing to specific events
NB plugin for exercise authors
Auburn University math department syllabus template
A .Net Portable Class Library to simplify the calling of a RESTful web service from a .Net client application.
Parses an initialisation (ini) text file and returns a ColdFusion structure of properties.
A web page to decode any BER encoded data and display it nice and clearly to the user
Go package for interacting with The Google Geocoding API.
A Penn Treebank-style parsed corpus of historical Greek from Homer through the Greek New Testament.
An ecommerce framework for WordPress
This program parses the menus at SiO's restaurants, and generates JSON and HTML files from them.
Ruby library for Microsoft Bing Search API
Twitter Bootstrap Theme for Sphinx
A Bunch of Shell Script Tools which seems useful.
Generic notification system for Django, with multiple input types and output backends
PHP 5.3+ micro logging package that is highly extendable via closures.
Donders Machine Learning Toolbox

Profiler is a software component to easier the investigation of the performance issue. It provides some tools to report the CPU usage and call times of the profiled places.
An Xposed mod to add a button to the app info window for installed apps that takes you to the Play Store page for that app
\N
The Banners module is a url driven way of displaying images on your site
A Qt application to list incoming mail from multiple IMAP folders
Set expiry dates for users in WordPress
useful groovy scripts for Jadice Server
Javascript Questionnaire optimized for mobile devices.. 
Integrate Ajax-Chosen javascript library with Rails asset pipeline
A lightweight browser extension that scrobbles the music you listen to on the web.
TwEater (short for Twitter Eater) is a tool designed to help you archive long-term Twitter search queries. TwEater supports a variety of backends, from flat files to MySQL databases, and it's easy to plug in your own storage code. TwEater is released unde
iScroll plugin for jQuery
A Lita handler to integrate with Capistrano for rails project
node.js API wrapper for Morale
Cross-platform game engine written in C++.
A pyrocms module that adds Facebook page or profile photo albums to your website
libomegle is a little C++ (or python with provided bindings) library for interfacing with the 'Omegle' random-pairing instant messaging service.

some common TD Learning algorithms
For a given Parameterized Project, this plugin shows the builds sorted by the parameters used to execute the builds
Framework for building WSGI apps in which requests and responses are just dictionaries.
Public Suffix List module for Python
convert "###" (or any other string) to the current time (HH:MM formated) and push the pad content to a specified WordPress post (meant for liveticker-purpose)

1% of what a mature configuration management tool does, written in bash
Use this application to get Socket.IO support in your Django project and dive into real time web.
The AmazonS3 Drupal module allows the local file system to be replaced with S3. Uploads are saved into the drupal file table using D7's new file/stream wrapper system.
Erlang HTTP linked-in driver
Python Implementation of the TrueSkill, Glicko and Elo Ranking Algorithms
Web Application Framework for Node.js

Tag library with optional Silex REST API
:computer: A school project using Google App Engine and Google Maps. :skull:
Assorted tools to handle RPG Maker 2000/2003 files
A photo album using Play! framework
This repository contains scripts that can be used to control extreme feedback devices for the Jenkins Continuous Integration server
This is a bare Django project that includes a Fabric file, commonly known as a fabfile, to setup an Ubuntu 11.10 server with Django, Nginx, gunicorn and upstart.
A Visual Studio Extension for Mingle
Google closure linter for javascript
Chrome extension for vk.com that hides unwanted posts.
Use your own class object to easily load and save configuration settings to App/Web/Custom .config or .xml file.
ATLAS good runs list reader and command-line tools
Auxiliary plugin of RealtimeRender for transferring files by Secure Copy (SCP).
PHP-based parsing library for aviation METAR weather reports and TAF forecasts.
HyperDB is an advanced database class that supports replication, failover, load balancing, and partitioning.
A lightweight 3D physics engine written in JavaScript.
GnuPG - GNU Privacy Guard - tool for secure communication and data storage
SILC source code
SOLID PHP & Code Smells - Part 2: Open / Closed Principal
Notes and scripts for setting up a Ubuntu backup server
Enhanced configuration file related tools for Python
Java implementation of a Disk-based LRU cache which specifically targets Android compatibility.
This is the server backend for project ProjectChanged.
Some scripts for xchat
An Angry Birds-like programmed in Java as a school project
Create an audio sample from a selected song
Erlang LSM BTree Storage
Twitter component for Apache Camel
A remote monitoring application using Node.js, MongoDB, and Twitter Bootstrap.
Python script to create CDX index files of WARC data
This library hopes to provide a helper class to be used by any Java based reporting tool like Jasper/Pentaho
Quick Brightness Adjustment on iOS
A C library for product recommendations/suggestions using collaborative filtering (CF)
Can stream an ~20 minutes ASCII movie via Telnet emulation as stand alone server or via xinetd daemon. Using famous ASCII art animation from www.asciimation.co.nz (Star ASCIIMATION Wars)
Python API wrapper around Trello's API
FortiGate automatic backup script.
JavaScript source code visualization, static analysis, and complexity tool
gq and text formatter for japanese text
Convert files between plain text, javascript strings, and document.write() statements
Open-source framework for modeling Vehicle Routing Problems.
Search engine optimization for WordPress/MS and BuddyPress
Lightweight Ray class and operations for openFrameworks (e.g. hit detection, intersection). For more intense use check bullet physics
HTTPS client implementation for httplib and urllib2 based on PyOpenSSL
A Sentry extension which integrates with Phabricator
A source code dump for OneButton FTP, an old OS X FTP client.
A Zend-based framework for creating and consuming ReSTful APIs.
Multi-Attribute Sort for Backbone Collection
Simple, scaleable carousels for jQuery (MIT)
CakePHP2: Deprecated parent controller class that adds a helper _respond() method for ajax requests
Citation, Logging and Multi-Purpose Archive: A bookmarking website engine (think: delicious, pinboard)
A collections module for the Kohana PHP Framework.
Naive implementation of Radix Tree for Ruby
zip module for appcelerators titanium mobile
A client-server tool that locks/unlocks TCP/UDP ports on a remote machine.
Modern, statically typed, duck typed, generic, imperative programming language, inspired by C++, Go, and Scala.
Codeigniter 2 class for google analytics api
A PHP library for emitting metrics as JSON
Accounting system prototype with play framework
PHP gallery, sans SQL
Resources for the GLOS cataloging system
A realtime chat application made with WebSocket.
Java(TM) based open graphics 2D
Enhances the PuTTY's features, can support stop/start/find for serial, and support adb(android debug bridge)
Core52: Rapid development MVC Framework for PHP - Official Repository
The new israelist works with adblock
Interprocedural Static Analysis Engine for Scala
Android messaging app
A userscript for Fluid to add dock menus and other features to the new Pandora interface
User page
SDK to use HockeyApp in Windows and Windows Phone apps.
ProcessWire module: Automatically archives pages based on a Datetime field.
Git is good. Gitter is better.
Node.js module to list all files in a directory or any subdirectories.
just trying various things with Ember.js
DO NOT USE. Riakkit. An ORM for Python Riak for RAD. Similar to mongokit and couchdbkit. This is about to be deprecated by kvkit

The simplest Chef recipe that could possibly work.
The web backend gateway for pydidit, a todo system flexible enough to fit your style.
Analysis of electrophysiology from BART
A client for the Git Deployer Server
This is a sandbox that you can experiment with anything in
A node.js module for reactive webcrawling
A system to better manage UITableView data source classes, because they can be reusable too! 
SendGrid Node.js helper library
node.js tumblr API client (incomplete)
Tiny Ruby library to work with Maven's pom.xml files.

FatBox CORE API Client
A unit library to aid in aviation calculations.
A .PSD system with baseline text, gutters, etc for designing in Photoshop for a wide variety of responsive layouts
Main source code for all Line Following Robot projects

Get names and descriptions from Debian packages on a remote repository

command-line interface helper utility for ruby
Alternative calendar export plugin for Moodle 2
PHP class used to easily make requests to REST APIs
Rails website that breaks down federal government spending
Adds all required Fedora objects to allow users to ingest and retrieve web archives through the Islandora interface.
php site to monitor alarm events from python-alarm
Some handy tools for GNU/Linux , bash , open environment to make your day to day life easier
Codeigniter 2.x easy form creator base on native CI form helper and validation library. Support ajax
Utility code for for AVR app development, generally tailored for the Teensy 
Battle City open source Flash port
Educational projects for github
A brand new PHP framework which aims to make coding simpler
An android app. A color memory game. 
Timelab is a C API for writing stand alone sound synthesis algorithms. It is intended for deployment on embedded systems, but can run on a computer just fine. The purpose of timelab is to provide a framework for a novel approach to synthesis based on nume
Android app for robot control
Hugo source repository for briankidney.ca
A custom home page with a search engine and other helpful widgets.
This version actual has files in it!
many jquery // such doge // so pro // wow
nodejs package for running a server to update graphs.js graphs in realtime using websockets
MD5 Encryption implementation using C plus plus
Google Glass compatible OpenCV CameraCalibration app
Python solution to make lines of text in a file a JavaScript array
A maven plugin for data-driven, template-based code generation
An easy to use Biome Config editor for Terrain Control Biomes
Open source library for SPI/I2C control via FTDI chips
miniKanren with declarative copy term (copyo)
RatLang is an open source programming language that wants to replace your calculator. It strives for the most concise syntax and the most useful language constructs to make writing calculations faster.
A java client for Diffbot's RESTful API that fills any java class with the appropriate data according to it's fields' names
Complete (in theory...) documentation for Ractive.js
Adds a menu to the WordPress admin bar that consists of helpful webmaster links.
is a form of data analysis that extracts models describing important data classes. Such models, called classifiers, predict categorical (discrete, unordered) class labels.
Test Plugin for WordPress that allows users to add Global Message anywhere on the blog.
A PHP client library for the BigOven API
Mountainvew Christian Reformed website.  Work on v2.0 as a Drupal site.
A Game Template I developed that is similar to games like Mafia Wars. (Not 100% complete)


Unlimited* cloud storage
an iOS component for drawing on an image
A perl web app for a petition signing page. I hope no one is using this. Don't.
Organized  iOS networking framework
Safe process variable for Node App Engine
open source http server
An extension for Brackets that generates the 'base HTML code' much like DreamWeaver does.
Recreated using Visual Studio C#. Included a menu system and three levels of difficulty to enhance user experience.
Python client for cryptocurrency exchanges
Python scripts to design and check primer stats for PCR 
Special version of the new Robot Builder (version 0.0.2) that compiles code that uses WPILibExtensions
A Rubik's Cube timer app that saves your previous times.
IRC (Internet Relay Chat) daemon written in Java using the Akka actor system
Hosted Multi-tenant Web and Native Publish-Subscribe Event Channel for Google App Engine
A program for those who love Doraemon
Adds functionality to jQuery deferreds that act like normal deferred methods but also can pass along properties on the deferreds when they are piped.  Probably most useful for ensuring your AJAX deferreds keep their XHR methods as you use the deferred cha
Internationalize is a ruby library for transfering your local Rails (-version > 3.0 ) project to an I18n format.  It will automatically extract hard-coded text from your ERB view file, then choose a proper key and replace them with the I18n.translate meth
Bash scripts to verify directory structure, file permissions, or command output.
built.io supports notifications for iOS and Android. In Android, push notifications are provided by the GCM (Google Cloud Messaging) Service. To setup GCM, follow: http://developer.android.com/google/gcm/gs.html
Crypto module provides data encryption and digital signature, it may also be used to generate certificates.
Name Service Switch Service that uses an HTTP server as a backend.
Implement text ellipsis effect without CSS(CSS ellipsis only can make one line, but it overcomes limitation) in mobile environment used by jQuery
Nim game opponent and solver in Prolog.
AngularJS + Rails 4 running on PostreSQL. RSpec for testing.
Pure Python module for reading and writing metadata as raw XMP packets in various file formats.
Scripts and tools for working with GDELT and the Global Knowledge Graph

Loja Virtual com Cake Php
Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in JavaScript
A classic top-down shooter written in C++, inspired by the arcade classic, Space Invaders.
This plugin WordPress includes a button that appears when the user scrolls the scroll bar when you click the button the user is taken to the top of the site.
Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in PHP
A hit target game developed using Greentfoot tool. Implemented GoF design patterns: Factory method, Strategy, Observer, Facade.
Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in Perl
Distributed graph storage based on Akka and Scala
CiviCRM extension with custom searches for De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension for the specific API wrapper De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension De Goede Woning synchronization with First Noa

Website for code projects
markdown-site
A chrome extension the organizes downloads by file types
A code-golfed chip8 emulator in JS
[DYSFUNCTIONAL] A cross-platform, 'low-level' library using OpenFL written in Haxe with a focus on features, clarity, and platform optimization.
Django Navigation App (helper for django-sitetree)
high performance image processing library and tools
!WARNING! Application not finished! Realtime chat with moderation mode - moderators can publish only hand-picked messages, which can be useful in Q&A sessions. Node and Angular.
SublimeLinter plugin for php, using phpmd.
Deepak Chopra nonsense phrase generator implementation in C++
Schema-Inspector is an JSON API sanitisation and validation module.
An extension methods to simplify javascript.
Web version of mastercoin-wallet (https://github.com/mastercoin-MSC/mastercoin-wallet)
The card game Blackjack written for Rails
Custom dynamic, animated wallpaper for iOS 7.
Code relating to the Robocook kitchen cooking simulator.
Create a box which include openjdk 1.7, Apache Hadoop 1.2.1 and Apache Hive 0.11.0
Portfolio Tool is a static site generator (think jekyll, hyde, pelican, etc) for porfolios. It simplifies the process of making a portfolio to simply organizing the work in folders and generating the site.
A collection of CSS3 powered hover effects to be applied to links, buttons, logos, SVG, featured images and so on. Easily apply to your own elements, modify or just use for inspiration. Available in CSS, Sass, and LESS.
A Chrome extension that allows you to add a page as an event on Google Calendar or download a file to save it to Outlook or iCal, acting as a reminder to come back
Use BASS lib to detect song BPM
A custom ListView that its item view can been sliding left. Reference to the app Wechat which was released by Tencent Inc.
Helper scripts for UltimateFishbot
some pentesting tools (scripts, modules, etc.)
Recursively locks all files in a given SVN directory. (For migrating source code over to git ;))
A Yeoman generator for advanced Backbone/Marionette/RequireJS web applications.
Open-source Memory game in Javascript.
Flickr: Tools for downloading, munging, analyzing Flickr data
This is a file server that has an email user interface (EUI).  It uses IMAP and SMTP
A soft 3D engine for the Pebble(R) smart watch
Micro-site for Eric's naming day
Includes file upload into wikipages depending on the user rights.
GnuCash Python helper script to import transactions from QIF text files into GnuCash's own file format
A Ruby script that opens many programs at the same time. Used for when turning on my machine in the morning
Go library for working with ID3 tags in mp3 files.
Tray icon to list/start/stop VMs
An android tank game.
Copy changed blocks from one file to another
Ruby client for finn.no ads REST API
Ruby tetris, with fancy graphics and sick jazz music.
Use yeoman to generate a handlebars helper that can easily be used with Assemble.
python implementation of inference and learning in Hidden Markov Models (HMM)


Launch and stop HTTP Server before/after each tests
A Chat app/hack with Node.js and Socket.io
Console tool written in Ruby to export Google Trends data
scripts like working with a sqlite database with PHP
A JavaScript library for Firefox OS application development, consisting of WAI-ARIA-driven accessible widgets, a lightweight app framework, and convenient utility functions.
unity3d rewrite of the original Warcraft III custom game Island Troll Tribes

A Chrome extension that allows you to study and take notes on a selected directory of bookmarks.
2013 Scala workshop and 2014 Scala workshops (maintained by Robert White) at The University of Manchester
A repo to create simplified GeoJSON regions so we can display map-based visualisations without having to load tiles all over the place.

JavaScript Like Object Language Parser - Library to automatically translate JSLOL to C#.
nfo files and rename scripts for Chaos Communication Congress recordings so XBMC can add them as a show
project for an arduino controlled watering pump with a website to view the moisture and controll the watering events
Tupe 1 Guardium STAP for Guardium Data Encryption
A Free Cross-platform Multi-protocol VPN Software, developed by SoftEther VPN Project at University of Tsukuba, Japan.
recreating a server + client with communication over connection and connectionless.
AngularJS module for working with browser local storage
This includes new methods for colors and enables users to use hex strings to set gradient colors with image or colors
Find all open DNS recursors on your (or other) networks.
Blog based on Light Framework
The newswidget on the homepage of LUNF. Created by @rioforce and @le717
This repository contains docker recipes to create predefined containers

Udacity CS253 - Web Development
A template for Bash scripts to avoid typing the same code in every script I create
Helper for launching applications while reinstall frequently.
JSON RPC Server for Bridge Buddy - a Bridge Card Game Helper
JavaScript game engine
New version of gameplan.org.uk anbd gbspn 
Sample application with Angular.js and Node.js
Quake Plugin Used On Hypixel's Server
BFI Fast Integration PHP Framework

Build your html report with markdown
River of Life Prayer Guide
Repo to house pebble apps/watchfaces using SDK 1
A Feature Rich set of tools to start you of on your new project.
Maybe a new engine for FTG
Dockerize the nginx development version

Spree Extension for handling pop-up in store
open assessment
Style AsciiDoc HTML output with Twitter Bootstrap themes
RactiveJS-consuming view handler/templater for Node.JS
Just a copy of the ITU-T STL2009 with a working build chain for (l)unix [make]
Convert cunit xml test report to junit format
Shoes 4 App to verify MD5 Checksums of an eCTD Submission
Bower package for jQuery-Smart-Wizard
A markdown blog writer based on node-webkit
Dokuwiki template based on dokutwitterbootstrap from ryanwmoore 
An ack.vim alternative mimics Ctrl-Shift-F on Sublime Text 2
Vim syntax highlighting for pal calendar files.
Combines SVN logs from multiple paths into a single log for use with Gource.
A script to encode image files as base64 text. 
A stripped down version of gnaar
Responsive jQuery modal window script
An iOS app created using "iOS Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide"
Code for an Arduino to act as an animal chip reader reading 125/134.2 Khz RFID chips commonly used for animal identification.

TrueTime-HSF is an extended version of TrueTime which implements two level hierarchical scheduling. The original TrueTime is developed by department of automatic control at Lund University: http://www3.control.lth.se/truetime/
[Deprecated] Row-based multi-tenancy for SQLAlchemy
EID Interface Module for OpenMRS
ThinkDiff S'kool website in rails 4
Timesheet and Expense tracking system for the web. Build with Python & Django. Interfaces to Saasu.
Seed project for single page Angular.js applications running on a Node.js/Express server.  Includes tests with jasmine-node on server and karma-jasmine on client.  Sample files can be overwritten or deleted - most exist simply for demonstration of the pro
fluent interface for building web controls in c#
Repository for SG drupal theme
This Hexo plugin replaces the local links with relative path.
A Mimosa 2.0 module for Stylus compiling
Jquery website preloader
Build a local copy of a Flickr photoset
Game of Life implementation in JavaScript
An iterator-like collection library for doing Bing queries in Scala.
A library to work with quantities and units.
Java Client Library for Riak JSON (https://github.com/basho-labs/riak_json)
An App for Trolling
For Powershell Scripts
Interactive for a NACo project looking at county ability to fund transportation projects.
RSS reader extension for google chrome
University Projects
Interface for a server side script to call javascript events/actions
JuminnoApps web page
helper script to merge dash youtube videos using youtube-dl and MP4Box
A JavaScript class implementation

Skookum School App
Typescript implementation without Visual Studio of http://www.photonstorm.com/phaser/advanced-phaser-and-typescript-projects
Openpay Javascript bindings
A photo blog for Jon
iOS Tweak that thins notification banners down to size!
Master Redux - Open-Source HTML5/JS remake of Tetra Master (the Final Fantasy IX card game)
React-clojure is a clojure wrapper around JSX (JavaScript XML syntax transform recommended for use with React).
All tools for dissertation
Best seller's list
Displays logs and Javascript errors in an overlay on top of your site. Useful for mobile webdevelopment. Enabled in 5 seconds
https://kath.io/
Atlas.elasticsearch is a elasticsearch backend in javascript using elasticsearch-js and jQuery.
An application to debug Robospice
Crafity HTMl UI elements
Integrated Model Toolkit for analysis of three different models of space-weather research data conducted by Dr. Sergei Maurits @ Arctic Region Supercomputing Center. Interface developed with PHP, JavaScript and AJAX. Database on MySQL.
Slick2D / jBox2D game development.
Save file from an URL on Android using share intents from Chrome for an exemple
Work to develop a group settings control workflow for University of Alaska System. The code is incomplete and need be completed. But there are some good examples on interaction with google group settings API.
Iteratively Fund Open Source Projects With Bitcoin
A script that sends SMS messages using email. 
Its a application in C# which helps to download an entire video series from the web given the link of a single video of the series.
HQ(historical quotes web client for yahoo finance API)
Terraria-like platformer game
A JavaScript based application for University of Alaska Tuition Estimator, with an interface that is built to make the financial decision which part of coming the decision to go to school easy. Compare cost across various study plans and compare it with n
Node.js In Action shoutbox app
Used to create Lua scripts, which can in turn create an element in The Powder Toy
An iOS home application for Arctic Region Supercomputing Center. This application was built in collaboration from Bob Torgerson. This was my first iOS application.
An MIS system that can run from a terminal or on a desktop

Implementation of Kademlia using Scala and Akka
A work in progress Chrome Extension to show contextual information as a popover when an article hyperlink is hovered over
Daemonize a Ruby block with graceful exiting
Wordpress Plugin allowing for up/down or like voting geared to be flexible enough for any use.
A GUI version of uphold-server
Tools to keep a git integration branch up to date

Catarse as a full, non-namespaced Rails engine.
Reliable File System (college Operating System course exercise) - low level filesystem tier with fdisk, striping, ...
(Cpp) A homemade regex engine based on e-bnf syntax
The Andromeda system boot loaders
(Php) An IA for a two players game
GiftMe client app for Windows 8
Shell script en Bash para subir archivos(mayormente imagenes) a uploadpie.com desde la linea de comandos.
A reusable set of build and automation scripts to facilitate a best practices based development and release process for managed package development on the Salesforce1 Platform
Reusable app to protect access to project under development.
image processing library
Game with Blocks based on libgdx gradle template
A Node.js module for validating and updating Webloc files.
video.js plugin that adds a navigable waveform for audio and video files
Interface to LXC from node.js.
GraphicsMagick wrapper for node.js
This is Alistair's development version of ZhuangLab/matlab-storm.  For release version, please see Zhanglab/matlab-storm.
Python related tools

Zaphire framework is a framework which takes cues from other frameworks like Zend to create a family basis on which to build your high performace web applications.
A tool for deploying web applications using Docker
Docker Image for running Memcached on CentOS 6
A Pac-Man program created for AP Computer Science
does implement as given here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Percentile_rank
Post your Google+ Posts to Facebook with PHP
Brushes for IOS App
Tool for updating the GAC of a server from a client
Utilities for CALayer in OS X and iOS.
Beautiful JSDoc template for your Meteor packages.
DiffBot client written on pure C
create a processing element that is active only if consumers of results are subscribed to it

AT&T M2X C Library
Creates animated gif's from a collection of still images
Php Windows DLL extension Phalcon 1.2.4 for PHP 5.5 ts (Thread Safe) & nts (Non thread safe) VC11 64 Bit
Easing equations for the fx module in the svg.coffee library
Web-level Face Recognition
Scripting Libre(Open/Neo)Office with CoffeeScript

Implementation of akka-persistence storage plugins for mongodb
The iOS app of PhilanthroFeed
Gigya Magento module
A Cocoa timer class for iOS and OS X offering a choice of behaviors, so you can use the right one.
Here should be all Modules for the Mod Powercraft
Web CMS system
A plugin for creating a custom checkbox or radio button
.DS_Store manipulation and creation from node.js
a script to detect browser and device for mobile applications to enable responsive design
LuaJIT2 sources, binaries and build scripts

Android app to memorize guitar chords
All purpose jQuery paralax movement script
Just like a doodle but for pizzas
Creates a .html file with links to all files in a chosen folder
data analysis scripts

web of fhs
RSS attachment downloader written in Go
Sample storage engine for MySQL
jQuery Mobile for Rails 3/4 Asset Pipeline
Legacy library hours module from staff site.
Helper plugin for adding member icon/badges next to username for members.
An open source system for creating RDF from various source data such as spreadsheets and CSV files.  It is based around use of the Ruby ERB templating system.
An Node.js-based Open Sound Control (OSC) library for Flocking
This is web application in which any user can other user to view their posts ..
BNS Body Classes WordPress Plugin
The popup multibox program I am writing for fun using C#
Expressive testing tools for creating assertions over the NUnit testing framework.
System code for fourth year project
theppl: the successor of the markov thebeast probabilistic programming platform
The AMV library used by Basingstoke Anime Society
A library for adding transformations to XML.
Tools in use during the development of the prototype 360 Giving Standard. Now archived. 
A mobile app for sending georeferenced image and voice recordings from an Adroid phone to an email address. For more information, please go to http://sautiyawakulima.net/ojovoz
Multi-timescale backup driver for duplicity
Subtitles Translation Helper
Used as the basis for OSEHRA Forum
FLV Extract CL - python port of http://www.moitah.net/
A badass Django project template
Zend Framework 1 Locale package
setup http proxy or database(oracle) sms msg table monitor to send/receive sms using telecomunication industry's SGIP/SMPP protocol 
A tool to turn a Greasemonkey user script into a Firefox (XPI) extension.
A program that shutdown the phone if nothing is done (screen stays locked) during a time defined by the user
The configuration backup and restore app allows an administrator to take a snapshot (archive file) of all configuration settings of the system, allowing easy restoration in the event data is lost.
Website
Website powered by Javascript, .NET(Fleck and RavenDB) on server, for doing some crazy democracy
Home Page

A utility that reminds your android app's users to review the app.  Port of iOS appirater with additional features for Android. 
Metadata Library for node.js
A C# client framework for consuming HTTP/REST services

A multitouch game for, with and because of Kivy

A LINQPad driver to perform queries againt Azure Table Storage.
Scripts to make P4 CLI easier to use
Github pages repo 
delo's github page
Proyecto 3 de Graficas I
An implementation of the sliding functionality found in the Path 2.0 or Facebook iOS apps.
Extend, inherit and clone
A server for deciding which tracks to play next.
Perl module implementing prime number tools in C++ with the Sieve of Eratosthenes.
EmberJS preview and build tool for Node.JS
A Scala Swing component that wraps javax.swing.JTree
An open-source application built on the Google App Engine
a very very light and tiny rack based web application framework
chat. no javascript.
A python script that grabs the latest Bitcoin prices from each of the top exchanges.
Quick and flexible placeholders, created right in browser.    
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
blindparser is an all purpose RSS/ATOM feed parser that parses feeds into a common format so that you do not have to care if they are RSS or ATOM feeds
Tool to arange windows quickly on the Mac OS X desktop
Repository for the Refresh your Development with NuGet presentation.
This module integrates Apache Nutch crawler as alternative search engine in Jahia.
Scripts for cleaning up (large) Maven projects
A HTML5 Canvas rewrite of the open source Project Starfighter game
iOS chiptune/module player
A copy of the mozilla.org PHP site.
The ALFA Core Rules, and associated tools for building and maintaining them.
IPC::Concurrency::DBI - Control how many instances of an application run in parallel, using DBI as the IPC method.
Provides a PHP Class to access Readmill API
Sample application showing sketching & collaboration using HTML5 canvas and short-interval data poll.
Perl Module to Analyze Text Databases
device_softwinner_common from source drop
NBi is a testing framework (add-on to NUnit) for Microsoft Business Intelligence platform and Data Access. The main goal of this framework is to let users create tests with a declarative approach based on an Xml syntax. By the means of NBi, you don't need
Safari Extension extracting information from a Mantis issue and adds it to a GitHub issue
Seth Ladd's excellent box2d intro migrated to a modular structure with requirejs.
[WIP current state : waiting for PhantomJS bugfix] Screenshot Webservice is an open-source REST web service to perform web page screenshots.
Clase para utilizar la pasarela de pagos redsys, sermepa.
A styleguide generator based on kss (https://github.com/kneath/kss), but built in node.js
Navigate the web via your gamepad
Little ruby gem for parsing release text files from Diamond Comics
Cardiac pacemaker model in UPPAAL and real-time interrupt-driven modules in C++ on mBed
SuperResolution implementation
Application for getting, refreshing and storing OAuth access_tokens for Django standalone applications
A Yii ActiveRecord behavior to keep a backup of the loaded values for an ActiveRecord instance
Zend Framework 1 Measure package
Zend Framework 1 Search package
Zend Framework 1 Mime package
Zend Framework 1 File Transfer package
Zend Framework 1 Version package
Zend Framework 1 Rest package
Zend Framework 1 Text package
Zend Framework 1 Mobile package
An Etherpad Lite client for Java
