FuelPHP Framework - Composer Framework Component installer
The AgileReview Code Review Plugin for the Eclipse IDE. NOT STABLE!

Maven HTMLCompressor Plugin to compress HTML/XML files.

A Teamcity plugin for building Unity3d projects. NOTE: this has an MIT license so feel free to copy / adapt as you need to.
An attempt to update killermonk's Netbeans' lesscss-module
Bind to the `beforecopy`, `copy`, `aftercopy`, and `copy-error` events, custom DOM-like events for clipboard injection generated using jQuery's Special Events API and ZeroClipboard's Core module.
Relief1 - Providing a complete Disaster Preparedness, Relief and Recovery System for use worldwide.
XNA real time strategy game with era system and multiplayer support.
A jQuery Mobile theme for UF
node.js based OSC Router app.
A text based game for a Dream In Code competition.
Multi-Provider Authentication for App Engine
Microcontroller Library for LPC2xxx Chips (presently LPC2101/2/3,LPC2104/5/6,LPC2131/2/4/6/8 supported)
in this file, projects written in Haskell exist
Wordpress music web site.
Couch DB client library
Grisu is a fast, new (2010) algorithm for converting a floating-point number to a decimal string.  It was introduced in a paper by Florian Loitsch (http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?doid=1809028.1806623) and the author claims it to be as much as 4 times fast
Node.js Version of MMSG for Chinese Word Segmentation
Conquest on Rails is a browser-based wargame.
A haskell library implementing fast and scalable concurrent queues for x86, with a Chan-like API
This is a plugin that makes it simpler to create, control, and animate x3dom based scenes using jQuery.
Upload de arquivo utilizando o JSF + Primefaces + Hibernate
Python script for monitoring rule production, latency, token frequency, etc.
Javascript client library and app for CKAN data hub software
Fast and powerful CSV (delimited text) parser that gracefully handles large files and malformed input
internationalisation (i18n) for node.js the easy way (incl. clientside usage)
Workantile' Site
A browser extension/add-on to filter tweets. Currently, supporting Google Chrome.and Mozilla Firefox (15+)
A password generator inspired by the xkcd password spec: http://xkcd.com/936/

The theme around Data Services are to expose existing Spring Data functionality to the web. The 'web' here is primarily focused on support to access data from traditional browsers as well as mobile clients. It also will explore the interaction of messagin
KNVS is a light weight javascript library for canvas animations
Some resources that can be used for workshops an courses on Dojo Ajax Toolkit
:izakaya_lantern: ambilight clone for your arduino and some WS2801s using boblight
An extension of Neuro to provide a "sync" component.
Some code to handle multiple plesk servers with a single mail gateway.

MPEG-TS Segmenter for HTTP Live Streaming (iOS)
Albion 2 Engine "light"
Galera Cluster documentation
Habbo Hotel emulator targeting the "v13" client.
Spring MVC sample project, which is using iBatis. Now it's still under construction.
open source content management

A Zend app in which users can have multiple authentication and api providers (Facebook, Twitter, Google)
GitHub version of the Google Code Smarty
Vim plugin that changes the color of the statusbar of the focused window according with the current mode (normal/insert/replace)
Erlang xslt processor with pool and xml serializer (from lists and proplists).


New def.reyssi.net blog circa 2015
Use FB to create process registration and create WordPress users (not FB Connect)
Supervised Distance Metric Learning with R
Ruby / Sinatra port of Yongho's PHP TEDx logo generator
white elephant helper
This is some code that generates indesign documents from json data taken from incom.org
WoW Addon - Allows you to choose a colour shader which best suits your type of colourblindness.
school life app
WordPress plugin to limit search to the post title when adding links to content or adding pages to a menu.
Learn how to program by solving & creating physics based puzzles (like Angry Birds)
Supplement the Facebook ios sdk with Blocks & NSOperation goodness
A swift, lightweight forum system
A visual guide to the wonders of Unicode
Rack Middleware which retrieves KML from Rails and produces KMZ for the client.
A minimalistic responsive grid portfolio theme built on Jekyll
Use inkscape drawings for presentations
Library to interact with bankserv
Use of the Calimero API to control KNX devices with a KNXnet/IP Tunneling Device.

Cocktail is an application development platform that takes the pain out of the development of data-driven rich XAML applications. It is a blend of three popular frameworks: Caliburn.Micro + DevForce + Entity Framework. Line of business applications need t

Mobile application written using the Ionic Framework for an School project.
Normalized address bar hiding for iOS & Android
Client-side form validation plugin for jQuery
Peer-to-Peer secure backup system. Spreads encrypted pieces of a  file over a p2p network.
Source code of rules for Open Legend
An Ace of Spades clone / fork / experiment, written in Python and using Pyglet for OpenGL.


Collection of packages about HTML/XML tags.
Bookmarking application for windows using wxWidgets and tinyxml2 written in C++
a form builder for producing the php/js/html for codeigniter 2.x forms.
Redmine plugin to quickly Create/Edit issues in JS popup
A repository for open source sample code for few often used functionalities used in Xamarin iOS.
Festival de Ideias
App based on Node.js, Express.js, MongoDb, Bootstrap and jQuery.
Ini like format parser written in D
Social dynamic particle system in javascript (both client and server)
An intro application for the Ionic framework
Google Places autocomplete API with sample map application 
This ansible playbook will install a Debian / Ubuntu system on current server.
Plugin that sets up PDFs and external links to open in a new tab track clicks with Google Analytics.

Empanada Ordering System with css
JavaScript Dev Accelerator Coding Challeng Question 3.   Generate an AngularJS, ReactJS or other JavaScript MV* framework app that allows a user to create, edit, update, and destroy (delete) users. 
Chrome extension that adds a Todo list drop down
Viterbi algorithm which creates a Hidden Markov Model to detect CpG islands within an input DNA Sequence.
A Python parser for the Amazon Kindle "My Clippings.txt" file
Arduino sketch written in C for hardware project to send MIDI signals to computer using a self-built foot pedal.
A little android app to taste the beginning of programming in this platform
Display notification right on the website whenever receive new notifications
Show group of packages based on its related dependencies.
A Django-powered website where you can create an account, vote in other users' polls, and create your own polls as well.
Stylesheets for Documentation Pages
Addicted to Train Simulator? Finding the game too predictable? Let this tool tell you what your next shift is!
Open Source Twitch Bot
Java Generics Refactoring Tool for Inferring Wildcards

a 3n+1 perl implementation
A Windows 8.1 application which translates text in billboards to foreign languages. 
A Star Trek themed, text based game written in Python, which showcases the power of the Raspberry Pi.
A module to interact with OSX Calendar
LaTex Resume
sample spring application with multiple command patterns which are injected into a list so they can be processed

A sane static Handlebars Grunt plugin.
mainly used to generate some xml settings
Typesafe key-value parinings for Android Bundles.
This project involves the simulation and analysis of two message routing algorithms namely Gossip and PushSum. We use SCALA and AKKA framework to simulate the nodes and the message passing transactions.
Xamarin sample for switching between forms and native
Dockerize the "LATEST" version of VirtualBox with Extension Pack and phpvirtualbox
Web page for the This Is Us Project to facilitate students' data entry
Framework version for PCL 4.5 - Profile 78 (Xamarin) Code taken from https://github.com/Quobject/EngineIoClientDotNet

Sample Node.js application
How to refresh REST services with ColdFusion code.  See http://www.cf-mike.com/refreshREST.cfm for details.
Altium PCB project for the Dione LED board.
twitter sentiment analysis based on paper by pak et al. Also used to learn a little redis
This program offers the user random articles from Wikipedia to read.
CherryPy App Engine Seed
Repo for the redesign of Hudl's roster page (using materialize to help achieve Google material design aesthetics).
This repository contains the "Individual posts per page" extension for phpBB 3.1+
Old C#/XNA game I was working on.  Unfinished.
Maintain a set of offscreen cells and use them to help calculating dynamic cell size in sizeForItemAtIndexPath
Source for blog. Middleman site.
YMApps on Android
Conway's Game of Life built in Python 3.
hson is a Python 3 tool for extracting Hearthstone game data
New project tracker repo, capturing version with 3 models (staffing, project, task)
ESPToy is an Arduino-compatible gadget for the ESP8266 WiFi module
use these source files to demonstrate the edts red underline bug.
A post install script I've created to add repositories, update the system and install the applications I need on Ubuntu.


An objective-C wrapper for Valve's Dota 2 API
A mini Netflix clone web app built in Node.js that uses TheMovieDB and Rotten Tomatoes movie data
A quick word count plugin for Vim, perfect for adding to your statusline

Pebble app for SimpliSafe alarm system.
Collection of scripts for different analysis.
Chrome Extension to Improve Teambition UI 

React + Golang API with Postgres
Resume template made with latex (theme isn't acheved for now)
Artificial Intelligence as a Service. Node.JS based API for AI.
Typetalk API Golang library
Previous version of Danmake using Java's LibGDX. Discontinued due to low framerate in favor of C++/Oxygine
iOS/Android app that provides daily information on new places
fresh laravel copy
Copy files to a remote host using WinRM
Alfred extension to quickly open your github repos in the browser.
Expreso Gran Muralla Website done in HTML/CSS/jQuery

This extension helps with filtering github pull requests and jira fix versions
A Pacman clone made in Unity - C# / high scores / progressive levels / AI
Flappy Boot is an Atari 2600 game written in 6502 assembly.
tcp server and client code
Microformats 2 Version of Underscores Starter Theme with Indieweb Support
Assembles SIC and SIC-XE programs into machine code.  Written in Python.
linked list implementation in javascript
useful scripts for react development
Pacman AI projects developed at UC Berkeley(used with permission)
An open source, plug-in based, and completely modular chat client.
Allows you to create field that allows multiple selection of records, such as tags, compliant with Bootstrap 3
server side cross filter which will fire required queries directly in respective database
the application to create java classes based on db schema
Fluent Html Helper for Asp.net MVC
Code for raspberry pi object tracking. Developed for McMaster sumobot competition 2014/2015.
Test password strength (cracking-time) using real guess-dictionaries and mangling rules.
Replication in HTML and CSS of a design mockup provided as a PNG image. The responsive functions are based on Bootstrap.
Chrome extension that allows you to easily quote webpage snippets
Brewing up something new.
backbonejs and mojolicious based todo list
some useful public tools and docs, not the private
Lightweight accordion for applications which are not using jQuery UI and needs accordion
Simplified Chinese translation project for the Battle for Wesnoth.


Reproducing plots of Bayesian Data Analysis (Gelman et al, 3rd Edition) in Python
Daily programming exercises from the daily programming reddit page
Asynchronously loading Ace Editor to a Meteor app. Ace version in used: 1.2.1
Web Application Template based on Silex
Source code for the YouTube API, Version 3 on Rails article

Sound recorder android application
Counts your running activity and plots on the map.
A kissy template engine for Nodejs/Browser
A parcelify transform, which allows you to import files using the node resolve algorithm.
macos command line tool of generate qr image and copy to clipboard
Command-line tool to download Google Spreadsheets as JSON files.

artisanal filler text for your site or project with qml
It's a library to manage all your background work in your app
A repository that contains all the code for kaggle knowledge competitions.

A lua library for output formatting with conky and dzen2
Interactive voice forum is the discussion forum forum meant for effective governance in organizations by the system admin.
a book store (angularjs practice)
helper classes for arduino dev. Tested with GTest+GMock.
This is an extension for wp-pro-quiz plugin of Wordpress. This extension displays individual users score at the bottom of their profile page. 
Source code for a website showing movie filming locations in San Francisco.
Fork/continuation of damson_splitter to split up SpineML model for efficient computation
The current live version of the site while we await the next version.

A set of PHP functions to better deal with accented utf-8 characters
HTML Canvas Framework
Clojure library for dealing with CIDR ranges
Instructional app for Intro to iOS App Development with Swift
[HALTED] Angular Service for accessing Bara API
HTML to Image Conversion API
The traditional game five-in-a-row. Used OpenGL combined with C++.The artificial intelligence is implemented by alpha-bet 
A minimal Angular2 playground using TypeScript and SystemJS loader
sorting the planets of the Solar System by their relative size, with D3
Python Program to covert speech to text
GPL+LGPL sources from the SiliconDust HDHomerun download page
A clean Markdown to HTML Website AWK program which is no more complicated then it needs to be
Website for client9.com 2015
you can make a android application rapidly
Tools for automation 1c:enterprase admin everiday work
Format your commit-message and promote from vim
Install DHCP client and configure hostname
Project enables deployment of Spring SAML applications in Google Application Engine.
A python implementation of keyboard-piano.
An ipython notebook to help with school spelling homework
Get Information from 2X RAS Server (tcp/20002)
NeverCat Wordpress theme, based on Zurb Foundation 5

The official shapefiles from Barcelona, converted to GeoJSON and TopoJSON for making your life easier
Script to explain an Apertium translation in terms of its parts.
When developing web solutions, assets such as JavaScript declarations or HTML templates are frequently written in a location that differs from their desired output location. SuperScript.Container.Mvc allows developers to easily declare these assets in MVC

Create help for canon printer install

SifAPI is written for swift (Apple programming language), which manages REST API calling & returning results magically.
kof's sketchbook year 2015
How to create a gentle transition between design mockup and HTML markup?
A multi-platform game framework in C# using Portable Class Libraries
A core java library for all Minecraft plugins created by me
A Client-Server custom mail service program created under the Toronto District School Board Netowrk. 
surf browser, a WebKit based browser
Install profile (deprecated: use webfact-make project)
Text processing in Python towards Diana book-work.
Copy of the 'rc' shell source (http://tobold.org/article/rc)
1294's robot and dashboard software for the 2015 season
Starter ansible template for new site project.
Upload files to an AWS S3 bucket and sync them to dropbox using an AWS lambda function
Free Learning is a module which enables a student-focused and student-driven pedagogy that goes by the same name as the module. Read more about Free Learning at http://rossparker.org/free-learning.
Python script for finding duplicate files within one directory
Litvinenko\\Common\\Object class that powers Varien Object class with data validation rules taken from 'illuminate\\validation' package
Visual novel engine
A salty-ass 100% verified hacker status python script to turn apple id's into apple crisp #nicememe
Android App to locate some important places in bangalore
Android app builder
App for university
Most useful algorithms in machine learning based on Python.
University assignment 
Django 1.7 Template app with doc generator / api-doc generator / Tastypie
JWM App Menu Generator based on great work done with fbmenugen: http://trizenx.blogspot.com/2012/02/fbmenugen.html
A collection of Arduino projects
University assignment 
iOS app for Epiquote webiste, written in Swift
fourty - planet template pack
Series of introductory sessions to julia (http://julialang.org/)
A Docker image for Stash
Welcome to Open Triad! This project is a reimplementation of the fabulous card game called "Triple Triad" originally developed by Square for the Playstation 1 game "Final Fantasy 8".
Miscellenous python scripts
Go FIDO U2F Library. This Go package implements the parts of the FIDO U2F specification required on the server side of an application.

some ios tech snippets
Persistent job queue for iOS based on NSOperation and sqlite.
fizzbuzz created using CoffeeScript and mocha for testing
File Check Sum
A minimum implementation of Java SE 7
Creates KMP skip array and BM skip array using KMP and BM search algorithms.  Searches specified text file for strings contained in another text file.
Sample apps covering various scenarios with a single page of HTML (using Angular) and Spring Security
Admin Interface for Open Xchange based on AngularJS
tempest scenarios upto 02/01/2015
This repository contains source code for the OpenKantu trading system generator, which uses price action based rules for the automatic generation of trading strategies. For binaries please go to mechanicalforex.com
rpc framework  based on python3, asyncIO and aiozmq. Run IPython and asyncio together!

Reverse engineered Python API for Weiyun (Tencent's cloud storage service)

Monitoring car condition system with elm237 
Configuration for awesomewm, based on Legospacy's config.
NodeJS request library as HTTP API
This is to host a website using pages
Is a javascript library based on snap.svg that permit to use .svg images files as templates to create web andon/control panels with dynamic data loaded from a json data source.
Some more advanced longtouch event states for Titanium
this is repository for all wordpress theme component from PSD to PHP
Benchmarks in java and android for cherry-collect

ec2-elastic-ip init script for ubuntu.  This will allow you to set the user-data and hostname for an amazon spot instance
[Lynda.com] Building a Website with Node.js and Express.js [2014]
Examples with Facebook React library.
Receives Docker webhooks and forwards them to an AMQP bus
Development bootstrap for Node.js including MongoDb - using Vagrant and Chef with Berkshelf
A collection of ZAP scripts provided by the community - pull requests very welcome!
vagrant  docker host( ubuntu trusty 32bit)  - build libreoffice
LAH website
Pelican Theme Masonary Redux
Single-page application using AngularJS // buy and sell site
Bukkit plugin to filter commands (and sign changes)
noInfoPath data module
Easy XPath prototyping. Mining HTML to JSON.
Barebones CMS - SSO server/client integration plugin
A yeoman generator for a project that compiles to a single HTML file.
Conversion-script for audio-upmixing (mono,stereo to 5.1 AC3) using sox and ffmpeg.
Pelatihan Android Indonesia - Android Studio
git hooks for intermixing SVN and git repositories. Intended for use in versioning Unity projects without storing massive amounts of binary files in git.
Repository for links to NUS-related apps that will be useful to students of NUS.
DB workbench manifest compatible site - using MVC5, Bootstrap, Entity framework.
Run an ETCD backup task inside a Docker container and upload it to AWS S3.
Jana4U Blog
Mobile app that provides a medical control with some helps like drugs&doctors guide and reminders
the source of the web site
Registers docker containers with avahi
First sass project to better utilize time
Visual Source Safe tools: Log, Annotate(Blame)
Introduction to development of multiplayer HTML5 games (with Socket.io)
MoneyCalculator project for Softwaare engineer 2 
Converts one or more DNA bare sequence files (.seq) into one FASTA format file (.fas).


O2O DIY IOS app
calculator using javascript,html,css
A rails app for searching ski resorts

A data-only container for docker-stash
RevMob plugin for Cordova
D8 Repository for Field Hidden Module Port
Platform that aggregates de best technologies to dynamically teach and learn between dynamic groups.
SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This library contains the functionality for declaring JavaScript in .aspx files and having SuperScript process and relocate this script
PatternLab Style Guide for OvrC
A template project structure for a PHP component. Includes config for Travis-CI, Coveralls and Scrutinizer.
Control an old-school analogue Scalextric set with a MindWave Mobile brain computer interface and an Arduino.

Height map terrain generator in C++, Qt, and OpenGL
Ansible module used by OSAS to enable polyinstanciated /tmp
A list of countries, abbreviation codes and text in native language
Quick class to query station details and status for the Dublin Bikes cycle scheme
Build of libgit2-backends for use with pygit2 (WIP)
A FFXIV tool which converts the secondary stats using determined stat weights to primary. 
Arduino uses servo motor to point toward the direction of a sound source using phidget sound sensors.
codeigniter pagination with jquery
TM-EDITABLE is a jquery plugin, which provides In-Place edit and Delete of the html input elements with some stunning themes.
Lil' express/socketio bootsrap for quick project setup
A solution that allows the usage of CRUD methods in a generic way, no need to create methods for each entity on the model to access them.
Program for playing go, written in Elm
A Meteor app that prompts you to fill out a questionnaire every 30 minutes as you're working
Jazzberry, the fruity blog platform powered by Koa & ECMAScript6
Website for the futureminded group company
Docker image with a build of Dropbox Pyston
Web Drive for File Exchange 
A React Mixin for the BoomQueries Library
Swift code for the iOS version of the AUDL client application for iOS 8 and greater. 
Automatic Gain Correction relative to a reference spectra based on minimised chi sqared
Sala de treinamento
A Docker image for Jira.
Javascript page that draws infinite, random DOM style squares.
This is a repository which contain all the django examples of ninjahoahong
Stand Alone Replacment MenuAn alternative for the bootstrap dropdown javascript control using knockout and jquery. Intended to be used alongside bootstrap javascript components, or at least with bootstrap css.
Multiple data prediction models - Along with Function Library
Visual FoxPro Entity Framework Provider for EF4 & EF5
CommonJS shell sort implementation using Sedgewick's gap sequence
static front-end project template

Ticket.com is a  web application buy which user can buy bus tickets and rent a car .
This is a sequential and parallel code in Parallel Java 2, for the Lagrange theorem that says, "Every natural number can be represented as a sum of square of four integers " 
YAWN is a PHP/JQuery based social networking app. YAWN stands for Yet Another Web Network 
An LTI tool for embedding YouTube players into Canvas course sites
Create and configure BackupPC access.
Swing based employee information system
FenixEdu Academic Thesis Component
Django App for a Twitter Like App
java programming with version 8
Tool which creates and processes files in parallel.
A web server implementation for Mono/.NET
Google chrome browser extension converting price to working hours
Initial commit for Google App Engine connected Android project.Goal: to use Google Cloud Endpoints to upload an image from the Android Client to Google App Engine. Google App Engine will store the image as a BlobKey.
various scripts created by me
Script to keep git clones in sync with origin and upstream
Total Backup Script
Some computer game based projects I have made

A Java application to view methods of interpolation.
Mockup to Website project

for shipping with FEDEX, you can manually enter zip codes, because the returned zip codes in the TWO_DAY range are not quite true...
Ruby on Rails Social Network App

Search text on website for bible references and create a link to verse on bible.com

Launch colored rspec output in vim
A JavaScript wrapper for the Teleduino API used to communicate with ethernet enabled Arduino boards.
App where a user can create, update, edit, or destroy users.
SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This project offers the functionality for relocating assets to an external file while storing the contents in a MySQL database. 
Compare your age to the ages to the average age of professional athletes and become depressed about how relatively old you are in comparison.
source code for https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b81phqjXzEA&feature=gp-n-y&google_comment_id=z12gff1wbs3qtlwti232zf4zwvbxsd4ls
Package from http://www.skarnet.org/software/skalibs/
Haskell parser library for WikiCFP xml data sets
Inject any function to execute custom script, get/set arguments and result, cancel function execute, Inject callback function to change argument's value.
Interactive "mirror" created in Processing.
A lightweight Python library that can be used to get live data from IG Markets REST and STREAM API with a LIVE or DEMO account
Nim module for working with Firefox bookmarks

first attempt on datomic storage using couchbase
Braintree package for Meteor <deprecated>
Allows telnet access to a CanaryMod server so that commands may be relayed remotely.
JavaScript parser for THU's learn website
A mod made by a few of ZeekdaGeek's geeks for some misc objects that were asked for
[BACKUP] A CGI script to parse Markdown files with the PHP-MarkdownExtended package

A core data iOS to-do-list, task-management, itinerary app made in Xcode 6.
Projects start guide for wordpress
Software in RobotC language for 2014-15 FTC game Cascade Effect
Themes for Justwriting(https://github.com/hjue/JustWriting) blog engine
SQL Server Reporting Services - Transfert tools (2008, 2012, 2014)
Easily deploy Fugacious backed with Postgres via Docker and FIg.
There are some code lines to program and test the sensors of the pocket nurse,
This tool is developed in PHP to check and report uncommented lines of code in project.

Python code implementing the Miller-Rabin primality test
DRY project automation for Node.js and javascript frontend projects.


A tool to manage docker containers. Powered by web2py.

Tic Tac Toe game written in Java
Docker image to run DB2 LUW
Baroque is a dark GTK3/2 theme. It's a rather steampunk affair, featuring mahogany dashboards with brass fittings tastefully set with rubies and amethysts.
Generate a single HTML page of all the php-langspec markdown files.
PingPong game witen in C#
Console game tetris written in C#
A webjar for jquery-payment (https://github.com/stripe/jquery.payment)
A data bender based on the melted bird paintings of Maurizio Bongiovanni
SuperScript offers a means of declaring assets in one part of a .NET web solution and have them emitted somewhere else. This library contains functionality for making HTML template-specific declarations.
The website for the Style & Class event series.
Sample iOS app
A mod creation tool for Starbound written with C#.
An implementation of function invocation using variadic templates.  Uses a recursive binding algorithm to turn a set of strings into a function call.

Colorscheme for vim
Online trainer for the Set card game
xvfb in docker
Just A Markdown Flavor
A utility tool for pushing notifications from the parse backend. Supported push devices include android, iOS and windows phone
ZingChart is a powerful library that provides users with the ability to quickly create beautiful charts, dashboards, and infographics. Choose from hundreds of chart types with nearly limitless chart design and customization options. Connect your data and 
Suleyman Demirel University console application
An R package to extend the functionality of data.frame and data.frame-like objects with metadata and codebook annotations.
Ruby on Rails project website 
"fake" spinning wheel with jquery and javascript
Script to scrap user comments from Reddit html files.
command line tool to validate project materials
Atom package to automatically copy selected text to the clipboard
This applications was written in order to experiment with the ways a JEE web application must be configured to successfully deploy it to various (free) cloud providers like Heroku or OpenShift.
this script may be used for check usename avilability when making a register form..
github page

Sample node app runing inside a Docker Container

Web interface for the sponos-server repo
Cross-platform Python-based audio splitter for WAV files
A programming language intended to be fast, productive, and pleasant. Compiles using LLVM.
A Github 404 page, modification but still kind of the same
Project 3 for Udacity Nanodegree program.
Music Web App
A skeleton application for building custom reports with the GitHub API.
Implementation of Gost Grasshopper Encryption Algorithm. This program implements the test vectors set provided in the reference document provided by the Standartinform, Moscow, Russian Federation.
a gradle plugin to execute jython scripts
This java program uses the data structures of a linked list, a hash table, and a binary search tree to create a dictionary program that can take multiple data types.  Iterators and wrappers are used to help navigate the data structures.
Django users RESTful API using Tastypie
Vagrant file and chef recipe for local development.
Class projects for NLP.
Oratory Prep Omega Application
Node.JS app that generates newsletter from JSON data file
Vaporwave theme made for Tumblr blogs
A dark Sublime Text theme with highlight-color-variations (compatible with Monokai - color scheme)

Where am I App- HTML5 Mobile
Story writer with google search
Feedly API written in the D programming language
A node module for interacting with Amazon S3. All functions use Bluebird promises. 
Restarting the cryptix project with some random code :)


Blackjack game coded in Java. The game has many unique features as it allows players to bet and it also calculates the probability of winning, losing and getting a card higher than 5 for the player. However, in this game, all the face cards have a value o
This is a repository which holds the tex-file of Diplomarbeit.
Mastermind game for Microduino Joypad
Art Website Osiris
Documentation for ICT TAO-A
Minidlna image for docker

PHP class to locate, play sounds, and lock iOS devices
Helpers for vagrant environment variable setting for docker apps.
A website for the Taylorview Stake Trek 2015
Project work for the Udacity Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree
containing kaldi scripts and files used in statical pattern recognition
Convenient way to store all your files(read configs) and folders(containing alot of configs) in one folder for version controll.
Create playlist from text file
dNotez chrome extension
crufter.com source code

An Ecommerce app prototype written in Swift following Object Calisthenics rules.
Utility for adopt non-linguist Qt program on national languages to Qt Linguist requirements.
StarNub a Starbound server management tool
A C# forms app that stores info in an xml file with XPath querying
Karma plugin for inline sourcemap support
node.js version honux homepage
Source code for Satelinx's Android App
This karma-plugin shall give you the posibility to parse urls out of files in the karma scope and download those to be used in testing.
An emissions modeling tool to assist in estimating carbon emissions from structural fires
A parser and DSL for JSGF files
Set of functions to mine and organize Riot's API
A series of LaTeX templates I use.
An open source tortoise robot.

Stack and Queue implementation using linked list in Java
This project help's you decide what underlying big data technology to use based on your data and what you want to do with that data.
[ C# / Winforms ] Spreadsheet program for CptS 322 (Software Engineering I).
Publishing repo.
This is an API for Arduino which support I2C communication. Using this library can scan to get the I2C messages get send a message to another device
croptastic jQuery, Canvas, and Raphael-based picture cropping widget.
A POM with some common settings for Basis Technology open source components
Audio player jQuery Plugin
Vim settings
Docker image based on baseimage-docker configuring syslog-ng to send log messages to Logentries.com.
Ansible roles used for SDN Development Environments
Python Library for Imperial College LDAP
Folder Monitor is an open source java application that monitors a folder for a specified file type and runs a command on that file.
A Java calculator using Swing
This program creates a maze.  The distance of each grid cell from the start of the maze is then marked and the shortest route from the stark of the maze to the end of the maze is highlighted.  This is accomplished by using a stack, and queue, and a linked
Grab DMs quick and dirty with PHP.
Find "best" compiler options using simulated annealing
Tool for watching prices on Amazon
An OpenSource FeedReader, based on https://github.com/AWDevCorner/FeedReader-step-by-step , works great with WordPress.
For use with an Arduino IR Multiplexer shield. (https://oshpark.com/shared_projects/mLu4CjXF)
A java program that simulate the operation of a repair office
New Website Parts
Grad school portfolio
A node module for interacting with Amazon S3. All functions use Bluebird promises. 

Manuscript for Intro-to-Probability
[ C++ ] CPU Cluster Simulator for CptS 223 (Data Structures).
SignMeUp application for Brown TA program.
node.js custom template parser
Bluespec SystemVerilog Package for Sublime Text
Render mathjax text in SVG
Wrapper for the DigitalOcean API V2
A python server that hosts a camera stream using OpenCV.
AdBuddizController is a Python module for accessing and displing ads from an AdBuddiz SDK for Android in Kivy, Python-based apps.
Aggregator style website created with Ruby on Rails. 
minimal script to help find script into de nse database
a response navigation framework
Ocaml like toy programming language
Xkbswitcher, a Gnome-Shell extension to easily switch between xkb files located in the user home directory
Node.js bindings for the FluidSynth software synthesizer.
A thin layer between you and your sockets that helps prevent chafing.
starting structure for flux react app
Tkgui/Othello game logic written for ICS 32 at UC Irvine
Tiny app for serving up a random video intro. Intended for use with Plex.
a multi-platform source code translation language and tool
Python IRC Bot
A PAC file simulating the effect of GFW.
vim support for efene
2015 ESUC website
Open Web Integrated Development Environment - full stack framework and IDE for bare-metal development in HTML5, CSS3, JS, WebAudio, WebRTC and more. 
A complete Minecraft-related PHP website package.
Object Oriented WordPress Plugin
Grab the passwords of all encrypted email accounts the Zimbra server
Node.js API helper module
A CRUD To-Do List Backend
The purpose of this function is to determine if a character in a file is a punctuator or separator and to use recursion to reverse the order of text words.
A Polymer element for querying the APIs created with Kimono
A vagrant setup to bring up a quick rails server
C/C++ version of the zxcvbn password strength estimator
ModuleScript for making it easy to do Client/Server communication using the ROBLOX platform
The website to accompany the Stanford Open Source Academy's Spring 2015 session SWI-Prolog group

server component for dreams and stuff mobile app

A website with JQuery functionality that I put together for the final project of a JavaScript class.
Code to create a heatmap using location history data from google.com/locationhistory.
A cuboid rotating on a checkered background with fogging and lighting effects using OpenGL
Barebones CMS - SSO Server/Client Page Protection widget
So far this is a generic game engine built with Ogre3D, Bullet Physics, SDL and Raknet. It is built around a component system and uses messaging between components. I aim to build a first person shooter with it that draws inspiration from Halo/Call of Dut
Python script to take either single image file or a directory of images and sort by year and date stamp by extracting DateTime EXIF tag from image.
C#-like lists in C++
Base Vagrantfile and dummy box. Can be forked for each new VM that is created. Uses the vagrant-vsphere plugin.
Python stock signal interface written for ICS 33 at UC Irvine
A Docker container for running iperf3 in client or server mode
Android application - Domotic control using a Ninja Block(Beaglebone Black w/ Arduino), recognizes hand gestures with the accelerometer and the current localization using networks intensity.
A jQuery slider plug-in that's made to be styleable
Project to try to figure out and do something with an Intel P8085 processor that I salvaged. Building a minimal 8-bit computer.
A Markov-chain random text generator.
led display project
Graphical implementation of Conway's Game of Life for iPad written in Swift.
Provide a command to format and install arch linux on a server through a running Ubuntu live
Game of Life in Clojure
A JavaScript library for handling the rules of Scotland Yard the board game
:thumbsdown: [Deprecated] The 6to5 formatter for library authors.
Run templatable playbooks of SQL scripts in series and parallel on Redshift and Postgres
Dropbox helper for removable drive management
a flash RealTimeSimulation game
Tech Blogging Engine
Dynamic data tables
[Deprecated] [iOS] Flick in a scrollable area in Jailbroken iOS to scroll to that point (concept: http://simurai.com/blog/2012/09/13/flick-scrolling/).
Helper for Algorithm Competitions
Convert Chrome extension locale and manifest files Firefox compatible ones
Several fast 32-bit xor-shift random number generators implemented in Javascript.
Chinese Text Segmentation Data for jiebaR Package
renders is go template middleware for tango
A Mongo storage provider for the PropertyGraph.jl package
A curated list of awesome Architecture software, libraries, resources and shiny things
Stack of new technologies to play with JSM project
A docker project building on koha-base to set up a working koha based on git checkout.
Extra features for sales management, for example template quotations.

Ensemble plume display script in PHP.
CubeCart Version 5
IRC server Docker image with config.
scripts for downloading data from (the aus) BOM
Program that aids the user with time management, User clocks on and off from selected tasks and usage statistics are generated to help provide insight on where time was spent.
I was tired of all the services that made you pay to host a portfolio.
An application (Epichrome.app) and Chrome extension (Epichrome Helper) to create and use Chrome-based SSBs on Mac OSX.
The MQTT client for Node.js and the browser
Java non-functional testing framework
Setup all the things on your workstation with Ansible
Scripts for working with data from Google Finance
Percolation outlined in the assignment provided by http://algs4.cs.princeton.edu

An open source Pusher server implementation compatible with Pusher client libraries written in GO
A graphing utility for Moodle, see the provided documentation for this exciting plugin for Moodle
A mobile/tablet content management extension for Contao Open Source CMS
plagin for wordpress
/dev/null equivalent of connect-session


Label System
Sophisticated HTML form management for React
 :date: The VObject library for PHP allows you to easily parse and manipulate iCalendar and vCard objects
Deploy your Ember-CLI app using Maven
social open study meeting
A Gwt compiler written in Gwt using Java 8, Elemental, JsInterop and Web Components (Polymer)


Table Component for elisp
backend API server running on Falcon framework and alcohol. Ciders & Lagers not included. 
Caputure screen to video file on mac. Implementation of Apple's OpenGL example code with GUI and ability to caputure mouse movements added. Can choose export format, codec, and quality. (Cocoa - Apple Mac OSX 10.5.8 - XCode 3.2 Project)
Android application which emulates functionality of a Call Centre
Sandglass REST API based time tracking application

Conxugalego iOS
DicionarioGalego iOS
The repository for c9.ide.upload, a Cloud9 core plugin
a text editor
Open Source GitHub Chrome Extension.
When I browse a subreddit, I like to open all the new links in new Chrome tabs to cruise through them faster. This opens all of them at once!
An automated tool for importing media files in Open Access articles into Wikimedia Commons

PHP script to respond to git hooks and does a pull command when a specified branch is updated. Then emails will be sent to committer to know that the server has their changes now.
Extended Library and Surveys Engine
A dropbox-like project using python and git.
Simplistic Jail plugin for Bukkit
SCSS version of normalize.css
ios
Plugin for Data::Validate:WithYAML to validate email addresses.
Rsync SNApshot baCKUP transfer and replication tools
Aptible's Support and Documentation Site

DEPRECATED: Tools for Documenting JS (and Friends) with Sphinx
Takes apps from your Paz service directory and runs them on a CoreOS cluster using Fleet.
dotfiles
Persistent database for Node.js/NW.js/Electron with MongoDB/Mongoose-like features and interface on top of LevelUp
An improved ft command for Vim

Create a recurring date and query it to see if it lands on a particular date.
Web application framework for React by Red Badger
Search pastebin for keywords using python
NuGet program for sending coverage reports to coveralls.io
Source app for Bloc Chat project using Firebase
This component provides pose data for a tracked object in the qualisys motion  tracking system. It uses a TCP connection to the QTM server to transfer live  tracking data
some scripts to generate jenkins usage statistics
Shumway is a Flash VM and runtime written in JavaScript
AuthN signing and verification.  Appears in both the client and server
A high-level library for traversing the OS storage model.
A website for converting (and testing) HTML 2 Jade

A plugin template for WordPress. Initialize a new plugin, build, and include desired libraries.
Compute community variograms, carry out null modeling, and and graph results
A Google Places lib for node.js
Phase2 Tools
DomainMOD is an open source application written in PHP & MySQL used to manage your domains and other internet assets in a central location. DomainMOD also includes a Data Warehouse framework that allows you to import your web server data so that you can v
Stud.IP plugin that displays a "please update your browser" message to users using outdated browser versions.
JQuery datatables.net implementation in CodeIgniter
A Joomla! extension that add a Facebook Like Box on the web site.
2015 Election Analyser
Freehand Paint for Android
Maven HTMLCompressor Plugin allows to compress HTML/XML files by adding a few lines to the pom file.
An interpreter for the Concur programming language written in C.
\N
Projeto de tradutor do Script JNS para linguagem NCL
Entity Framework graph merge extension method
A responsive, event-driven dropdown menu jQuery plugin
Appearance Is Everything - Advanced appearance themes for the Qooxdoo JavaScript Framework
Javascript iptables ruleset generator
Just an essentials for working with promises
Selenium-based bot to play Pokemon Showdown.
The Hacker News API that you can GET (and POST)
Translates the JSON API data into C# workable data.

Not just the fastest Admin finder

jQuery based tool to sort items into containers with some additional bells and whistles to make the whole process smoother and more intuitive
A library that simplifies the exposure of data through REST interfaces in a secure, scope dependent way. Basically transforms internal data into whatever a client of your API has the right to see.
A game of Alien Dice!!

DEPRECATED! (Not supported + code base is not so good) Need to work with vk.com in your Android app? Just use Android-VK-Api library!
A light-weight test management tool
I'm new in ruby scripts! Just say stop siri proxy or stopp siri proxy and your siri proxy will stop immidiatley.
A c# library for communicating wit the GE NetworX Alarm System using the NX-584
Time Machine is a neat way to visualize the development of a web projected tracked with git.
Ejemplo de llamadas entre actividades en Android - FINISHED
A password generator I can trust
2011 design for Dokuwiki default template
A revised version of sig2dot (creating PGP signing web-of-trust-graphics) written in python.
[Deprecated! Use MenuItemKit instead] UIMenuItem with Image Support
Clean jQuery Mobile theme-pack and theme generator
[DEPRECATED] Write the templates in your Meteor Application using Handlebars and Jade instead of HTML and Handlebars
A Ruby on Rails web application for sharing iPhone panorama photos
Plugin to write WordPress themes w Object-Oriented Code and the Twig Template Engine
an app to track trending objects where "trending" is defined as views per day
This is a UILabel category which allows you to insert Emojis you use in Campfire, GitHub, Basecamp, Turntable.fm, Teambox, Trac and Flowdock without the need to calculate where to insert some UIImages representing the Emojis.
The documentation for the DDSC Lizard API.
Version 2 of chorus, complete re-write, still in development, Considered pre-release and many things might change before first release.... 
a Web UI autotest framework based on Selenium and TestNg. Now the project has been moved to NetEase https://github.com/NetEase/Dagger
for iOS - Lion/XCode 4.5.2 version

Originally based on pyjenkinsci... release tree: https://github.com/salimfadhley/jenkinsapi

client gateway for cmpp3.0
Quickly find out which JS framework the current website is using
Poopie Wars! (an embarrassing Asteroids clone)
A command line tool to use the RESTlos Monitoring Configuration API

Mini identity server that queries your router to find out who's in the office
A little IRC bot that when asked nicely will tell you the names of the open cards in a list on a Trello board
Compiles upload C file and returns errors
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/envlp
Application to assist users in creating a guide for League of Legends
typed.js is a library for working with types in Javascript. It is intended to be more consistent and robust that native Javascript type checking.
This is the source of the website at http://cytoplasm.somethingsido.com
C# Spotify Library
Python Compiler Compiler
wrapper library for the functionality offered by ptrace. features facilities to enter breakpoint, debug and hook syscalls, etc.
plot your visitors locations in real time 
A Django app for generating PDF/DOCX reports from (simple) HTML documents
A Backbone.Sync replacement for Lawnchair.js based JSON storage
Jekyll website for marran.com
Automated Functional Testing for ios based on Cucumber

A chat application that runs on the play framework.
a plugin to add a reddit-style system of link sharing, commenting, and rating to WordPress
Bootstrap for WordPress Plugins
Free MT4 trade copier - Metatrader4 EA software to copy all trades from one to one or more Metatrader4 terminals written in MQL4 language (*.mq4)
WordPress Blank Theme
HBase-Writer is an extension to the Heritrix open source crawler written by the Internet Archive (http://crawler.archive.org/) that enables it to store crawled content directly into HBase tables.
Human Resources Management System
Levenshtein like CGI handler 404 not found HTTP errors, proposing near paths
A native extension for Ruby to handle standard deviation for Arrays
A module to install Gosa, an LDAP management tool
A script for versioned backups using rsync and hard links (or btrfs snapshots) to preserve space. Some advanced features are also available. A remote helper script in order to lock MySQL tables and/or use LVM snapshots as backup source, is also provided.
Email engine for CakeLog, CakePHP 2.x
A Polyglot Persistence Engine

this is not a HTTP request lib like the ones you see around, it is REAL BROWSAH!
A JVM based Memcached Server
Google Weather Widget for PyroCMS
QuickApps CMS pack de traduction multingue
Boom is an application which is intended to crash, like the Bomb.app application of the first Mac OS X betas. 
Time-based statistics for Git/Hg repos
Bigfoot is a mysterious two-legged web framework begot by giants.
A site to poll a MadridJS Logo Group 

Readable milliseconds for you and other humans. Node.js

An implementation of Reiner Knizia's Lost Cities using node.js and socket.io.
Liar's Dice IRC Bot in Node.js

A Node server environment for creating & managing data-driven sites using versatile data aggregation.
Thunder is an object-relational mapper (ORM) for Python
Scalaz Promise-based library for working with Apache Zookeeper
Quickly discover which versions of rails all your apps are running

Cuyahoga County customer feedback mobile site in Drupal
Control and view your browser from... another browser.
Android native build using Moai Lua game sdk
Freifunk KBU information page

FreeSWITCH Dynamic config files served by Innate + CouchDB
Pure XQuery parser for complex full-text search syntax, suitable for use with MarkLogic Server
A database unload/reload tool with smarts
A tiny java implemented http webserver designed to run on handheld devices
A Template Upload Center for Plone sites
Fathr is a open PHP Framework with a CMS built on top - But you can of course just use the Framework itself. It is inspired by Codeigniter and CakePHP.


Topgun, developed three years ago as a spare time project, is an android based jet game. You control the plane to dodge the bullets and try to survive as long as possible. I created the game four years ago started without any knowledge in android developm

The mysql connection pooling module for a prefork server (like php). You can limit the number of connections by shariing connections bewteern a parent process and child processes

Pf4wp is a framework to help develop plugins for WordPress.
A blog extension to N2Bootstrap

Alp, a text-mode email client.
A compiling version of Launcher 2 from the Android ICS source code
Tubalr's official iOS repo.
A set of helper functions I've been using in various XCode projects, abstracted for great good!
Ruby client for Trion World's RIFT Mobile App API
Python script for breaking or atomizing OAI-PMH repositories into simpler text formats
Mac OS X replacement of NSTextFieldCell class that interprets Bold HTML tags

Upload data from standard input to Amazon Glacier. Save metadata on Amazon SimpleDB. Needs more testing and documentation.
Significant improvements and fixes; see http://code.google.com/p/crawler-commons/issues/list for discussions
Builds a resume from your LinkedIn profile using JasperSoft's tools

An ECMAScript 5.1 parser, written in JavaScript.  The ECMAScript grammar was created using Jison.
Remote control your philips TV using a web application
Bash ENV scripts


Dotfiles for Mac using zsh
With this Dokuwiki plugin you can index and search your pages with an external Solr server
Open source XML MVC framework for eXist-db
programming experiments
Files used for desktop ricing.
DEW Inspection DB project
A text adventure game
Forecast is a website which tells you tomorrows weather forecast using GeoLocation to locate you.
Space fleet programming game


dotfiles of various tools
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/m2m-aligner
Or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Greenback
Site Ninja Pages Module
A Vagrant+Chef setup for Ubuntu 12.04.1 (Precise Pangolin). Comes complete with the latest and greatest for PHP Development
A helper library for cgkit This provides some useful function to handle BVH animation format with cgkit
GPRS Module Driver-M580 With 80C51.

code commenting with text backend
Fast and easy task runner for Rails. Got work?
Google Safe Browsing Lookup for Ruby
**NOTE** Use the repo linked:
The main website
A Gnome Shell extension that indicates your Nvidia card status while using Bumblebee
:necktie: Synergy Speak Lorem Ipsum module
Provides useful features to Doctrine 2 projects
Ruby Event Store
#WordPressPlugin: Lets you make a WordPress page (or other content type) link to an external URL of your choosing, instead of its WordPress URL.
Implementation of the game Can't Stop using ServiceStack
A node.js app that dynamically builds and serves JavaScript files
Wallpaper application
Python framework for building and running tests on firefox changesets
poky for translation
XML module for Kohana 3 PHP Framework. Works with extendible, write-your-own drivers.
A free implementation of the Cisco ios/asa/catalyst command "begin" (similar to how egrep -i -A would work if you could specify <rest of lines> after -A) 
Website des Musikverein Biberach e.V.

More Muc Than You Can Handle
\N
Find, display, and optionally round floating point plane coordinates in Source engine VMF files.
A class based programming DSL for Javascript
RBS Change Relais Colis Module
Online documentation for freistilbox
Use twitter/bootstrap in as admin theme in Symfony 1.4
Custom field to Django, storing the hashed value of some other field.
Manipulate hashes map like
A javascript based database for local memory based storage of data or resources
Our custom chat plugin
A CLI script for segmented downloading.
code for setting up Planet Python India 
Photography website - wp theme
AdWords API RapidAccountCreation

Solution to programming questions (Project Euler, UVa, etc)


environment builder scripts
ai intro assgn 1
A multi user realtime canvas application using Node.js and websockets using Socket.IO
Used to create wrappers and proxy libraries for Windows binaries.
rails template using bootstrap from twitter

(experimental) a Rust implementation of the Murmur hash algorithm
Combines and minifies your CSS, LESS and JavaScript into one JavaScript file

Party component

Festival Extension for php
Create Github repositories from the command line.

open-source app for managing generalised "like" lists

ad4Max SDK for iOS - Mobile Ads framework
python xmpp test client
\N
A system to publish podcasts for large communities like subreddits.
Source for my blog.  Blog hosted on GitHub Pages at msgehard.github.com
tv guide with fast loading times
bloops' archive of solutions to algorithm problems from programming competitions and online judges.
Micro animation framework using requestAnimationFrame with setTimeout fallback.
Rails plugin with DSL for performance testing.
PHPUnit-like framework for producing and testing code "kata".

An old C++-based syntax highlighter I wrote
BeanSpy is an open source Java servlet technology provided by Microsoft to retrieve JMX information from Java EE application servers
Javascript Library for ShowClix Search API
Clojure URL web crawler.
HTML Word Counter for Coda
Stream of consciousness web app decouples act of writing from content by denying you the opportunity to fix typos, see most of what you've written, or view any posts less than 1 hour old
A blog application for django projects
Encargo de RBZ
Remote backup tool written in Python 3
Very easy to use xml writer
Android build tools (ant tasks)
Silly app for getting info about your age
A "spots" framework for Django. Allows the creation and maintenance of geo "spots" (lat/lng) with a neighborhood, city, state/province, and country. Warning: older code that is not actively used or maintained. 
A chess engine I wrote some time ago. I like chess and this seemed like a fun project. The engine isn't complete, it doesn't know about pawn promotions, and the AI isn't all that strong. But it does work, to some extent.

blog platform
A sample webapp and acceptance test project that demonstrates some features of REST-driver.
jQuery plugin for dynamically updated timestamps
Creative Commons Material Collection for Game Developer via Kawaz
A ZK component like JQuery Chosen
A Hebrew virtual keyboard which could be embedded into any website using a bookmarklet
Code (prototyping) for a research project concerning the information capacity of the human motor system at HIIT.
FastPdfKit extension to add any content and interactivity over the page.
A  webfrontend (mysql/php) to analyze and search in a bunch of information that mediainfo_CLI get out of mediafiles
Put the Wordpress Admin bar to the bottom

The page of geekrider.com
Web Application to test OpenGate Messaging features
Collected public data and tools concerning a formal experiment conducted with tagstore 
Send notifications from irssi events to your Android phone
Some LESS CSS snippets, mixin's etc. used by me / Valued Standards

Shell script that automate the installation of java tools
A cross-platform python library to retrieve the current user's special folders (like Images, Documents, Videos etc.).
For finding "points of interest" i.e. waist, hips, top of head, bottom of feet, etc. where measurements can be taken
a tiny jquery plugin for creating noise on specific elements
Replaces google search results forwarder links with original links
PHP library for the Karotz REST API
c++ port of truetype-tracer (font to G-code/DXF converter)
Pluggable, open source Django apps (configured for GAE deployment)
C++ code of tris game for network implemented with SDL


Embedthis Build Tools
\N
chef script to deploy IAB to EC2
A little Hangman-Game to learn C++
use flask on google app engine
A code igniter module for role based access which can also be based on groups
Leiningen project to try Clojure code
A Wordpress plugin to add location info to posts and aggregate them on a Google Map
Library of commonly-used helper functions for Haskell
Sikuli script to autplay the netflix "next episode" button.

GTK+ for VLC npapi plugin on Linux

Use Ruby to convert numbers into Polish words
Windows-flavored system for scheduled task execution
This project converts ASCII text to models to be displayed in programs using OpenGL ES running on Android 2.2
wizard book solution work
Translation Error Rate (TER)

Jester is a Java micro Unit-Testing framework


freesound.org api wrapper
A broadcast messaging server
A lightweight library for quick sketching UI like interactions in Processing.
Tabletop engine in OCaml
A script to keep track of files, check integrity and find duplicates
tool to generate protocol for different languages
Yet Another Blog Engine

A Little Chess Client/Server made with C and rpcbind
Third version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*
Sixth version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*
Seventh version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*
It is a jQuery Plugin
Third version of MobileMedia implemented using COSMOS*-VP

Some irssi scripts
Sockwaz is live tweet viewer written in CoffeeScript.
A very flexible AJAX based MySQL data editor.



Parallel Primes (P^2): a parallel implementation of a prime number generator
form template with css library
mixi page app sample using catalyst

The code that powers denachtdienst.org a website where friends can share their music.
Wordpress templates and plugins used for seekingmichigan.org
rumble all-purpose data butler
Dev repo for b2g js ril while I figure out where to put it in m-c
Supports all three PS3 controllers via Bluetooth using the USB Host Shield from http://www.circuitsathome.com/ - This is the old version of the library. The newest one can be found at the following link: https://github.com/felis/USB_Host_Shield_2.0


building a sample knockoutjs single page application




Project to sync iTunes on the Mac to your Android phone

Open Source XHTML, CSS, PHP and Javascript for WordPress sites built by Loud Feed

Bridgy pulls comments and likes from social networks back to your web site. You can also use it to publish your posts to those networks.
Converts SBV subtitle files to a comma-delimited format. SBV files are used by Youtube.com's automatic subtitle generating system, and can be downloaded. This program will convert them to a comma-delimited format that can be imported into MS Excel or Open

Gifts plugin
A disk cleanup tool that thoroughly scans your computer for unnecessary and invalid files no longer being used by the system. Removes items missed by Windows Disk Cleanup and popular tools like CCleaner.

IsUnit ensures your unit tests don't have external dependencies or dependencies on other classes unless explicitly stated making your code clean and easy to refactor
simulates media queries to run javascript code
A distributed object language for node.js with multiple backends (e.g. redis, mysql, ...)


A couchapp for dvdprofiler data

Nette component for fast creating mini calendar 
Theo Armour GitHub home page
\N
Unofficial campaign creator for The Battle for Wesnoth. Written in Python
Sync JS automatically updates HTML, Scripts, data, and other resources within dynamic web pages. Unlike other JS frameworks, Sync JS attempts to significantly reduce the amount of JavaScript needed to create dynamic web applications.   The framework uses 


Above & Beyond Plumbing LLC's website

backup from inception with photos update but disqus distorts
fquit is a program that makes killing processes by name much more convenient under OSX
a cli gdy client


Listagem de produtos


gragh based raphael

MediaWiki extension for including articles.
A game which is a combination of a Fruit/Slot Machine and a Puzzle game where matching patterns is required

Gemoji's blog
Wizard to generate TCOS thin client network boot images

Use markdown for outlining in vim
A client to post to Gist and Twitter

Tools On Python
simulacion de perfil en flash
Getting data out of STE files quickly.
A new and improved perl library for interfacing with the mygengo API.
Hacky tools for downloading public Proust stories
StratoSpera BSM-2 board schematics, firmware and web tracker.
Control principal y control de actitud
\N
Bahs productivity scripts
The Now app from Beginning Android 4
C to Brainfuck Compiler (it is a long-term work, which is stilll under development)
Home Automation Interface based on QT, using LUA for "script"
bash history collector.  Web (php/mysql) component plus bash functions

Tool to assist in the creation of ODF files, template-based for a magazine project at school.

Profile (aka. CV, Resume) generator for IT freelancers (multi-format, multi-language)

A Manager theme for MODx Revolution
NXT-PLC: PLC-like distributed control system framework for Lego Mindstorms NXTs
play application to display content indexed by reindxr


Extensiones de la anterior

MediaWiki extension to add Twitter Widget in the sidebar.
A ruby gem and command-line tool for interfacing with the MF60 Personal Hotspot
Final project for CS 230 Data Structures.  Keeps track of all the books and patrons in a citywide library system.  As of the last Dec 15th commit, I met all my goals for the class project; I've spent too much time on it to give it up that though.  Look fo

A practice management software suite for managing patients and orders. 
Sniff conversations between random strangers on the Omegle random-pairing instant messaging service using libomegle.
An Object Oriented File Class for C++
Open-Source Web Code Editor
Assessment Tool
A slider plugin for jquery
A utility script I used in conjunction with wget to get copyright information from a website.
\N
Parse and extract data from Tracker files in the browser

Warsow gametype script series
Asynchronous Proxy Engine for SilverStripe 3.0 - export DataObject class methods to javascript
Calibrate a camera in C++ using OpenKraken. An exercise for IMAC (Engineering school). You select identical points in different photographies and the application finds the coordinates in 3d of these points. Useful !
Scripts to get Max OS X set up as a development machine
github page
SimpleErl is the simplest yet flexible and managable static site engine. Written in Erlang, executed by YAWS.
Your task is to write a Logo-like program that is capable of producing ASCII art. You will be provided with an input file containing a list of commands which when parsed and executed should produce an ASCII drawing.
Esto es una prueba de github
Bind 9 Config.
some gentoo init scripts
Projet du cours de compil
A Plone products used to replace the footer by a 3 level site map


Framecurve ruby gem for parsing/validating and other things
A geographical content management system as a DeepaMehta 4 module. A rewrite of Kiezatlas 1.6.





Provides a global persisted key value store for BrowserCMS that can be used to keep configuration key value pairs
Projet Java pour l'ENSIIE
a P2P file share tool, not finished yet
Set of components used to create a complete CMS dashboard.

Some jQuery UI experiments
SilverStripe module that easily allows adding of header image banners on CMS pages.
Encrypt your data with RSA using Javascript and decrypt it in appengine java
Scripts to install HPCC deps for build.
\N
Very old utility scripts for Puppet. Defunct.
One-click switcher between Yandex and Google SERPs
Simpla WordPress Theme with support for widgets
Java NuGet server
Performance Test Server Component
Juego de poker web


A quick-and-dirty script that I use to analyze use of color in CSS-files.
AsyncEventEmitter is an asynchronous implementation of EventEmitter found in Node.js
Server-side aggregator of RSS, email, tweets, google+, etc
iOS Structure (iStructure) MVC Framework
Plataforma de entrenamiento de Ajedrez
OpenFlow Test Tool
Pull information about a Code Repository into your PHP application. (Okay, really just Git for now.)
Scala implementation of a popular deck building card game.


PHP / Zend Framework sample code
Utileria para emitir Comprobantes con CBB

WordPress plugin using Custom Post Types, Custom Taxonomies and a "mini" custom admin interface. For adding and deleting "Quotes", this NOT the same as WordPress' Quote Post Format

The Offensive (Web, etc) Testing Framework (aka owtf) is an OWASP+PTES-focused try to unite great tools and facilitate pen testing



Dijsktra, Bellman and task scheduling implementation in Java.
Galleryable behavior and ajax-gallery based on Uploadify
Application for the Department of Recording Arts (Indiana University)
Flex client for PowerU 
Open Source by Alfa Janog site
erlang template language in the style of JSP
A jQuery plugin to help with the 'blank slate' form experience
Controle de eventos e atividades do M
Rails Backend for Google Chrome HTTP Status Code Lookup Extension
NOTE: Has moved to: https://github.com/amplify91/RAW-Gdx
[experiment] Sinatra-based application for rubyinstaller.org website (WiP)
Maven Plugin to help with internationalization of java projects.
Rails implementation of Top Out mobile app
coscms vote up / down module using jquery


Chrome extension that runs on WordPress.org plugins pages.  It adds a link to the plugin's SVN repo below the .zip file download link.
A library supporting an Smalltalk translation of ML-style sum and product types, with Scala-style extractors..

Faux Data Generation Library
An application to view CSV files on the console.

Tetris implemented in JavaScript and the HTML canvas element
A GUI Application for Linux that show SMS Messages from the SMS Message Backup Android App
A project with the aim to create a site presenting pictures that are being added on a specific date.
Davy Crockett tracks users as they navigate your website
Quickly evaluates distance when travelling between 2 or more addresses stored in contacts.
Phenyloketonuria site
Timer app for Android
\N
A re-imagined CLI.  Customizable syntax, help, permissions, data types.
A slightly modified version of ChibiPaint (http://www.chibipaint.com/)
Kavalan Management System, currently being developed at Wufulab Ltd.
School related work

In page review platform
Python helper classes to access CouchDB

javascript army list editor engine for all ArmyCalc apps to use.
A group chat web-app utilizing Google App Engine and GWT/Sencha GXT
Code to run the custom Two Photon microscope built by the Functional Optical Imagain Lab at University of Texas (BME dept)

Motivated to not be a too damned time consuming activites, I create this framework implementing Microsoft IUI style application. Focused heavily on database desktop application.
Mass post parser from different sources
andybrett.com - reworked using Rails 3.0

Ruby gem client for Elastic Search as SaaS

Quick scaffolding of new .net class libraries and web projects using PowerShell.
The sequal to the best worst game ever.
fixes imports and other API differences between Richfaces Selenium and Arquillian Ajocado
Visit the website for more info: 
Mozilla: Common BIPostal storage libraries
Sandbox for PHP/Zend application.
[WordPress Plugin] Move your Pages/Posts/Custom Post Type admin links from the sidebar to a Content menu that nests everything where it should be
Tempi is a dataflow programming C++ library aimed at multimodal sampling.
Theme drupal pour CG - D6
\N
\N
Rdefs is a tiny Ruby script that extracts class, module, method, attribute definitions from a given Ruby source code.
Python implementation of Efron, Turnbull, and Narasimhan's R function locfdr v1.1-7, which computes local false discovery rates. See http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/locfdr/ for more information.
grails application for the storage of a/v metadata
A set of utilities for the play! framework
(obsolete, unmaintained) tsung config generator
solver for bubble blast 2 game on android
The helper is a library where a specific function can do in plug and play.
perl script to pair coords from gpx file to an image using the timestamps
A dead JavaScript framework I wrote ages ago.
Doonan helps you generate CSS presentation code based on json and file inputs.
Tools for the role playing games master.
Paster template for creating your pycms site
When this grows up, it will be an Android client for Transport for London's bus countdown system.
The new version of wikigeolinks, a web application that lets you explore interactively how the georeferenced articles of the Wikipedia are connected. This new version is built with Leaflet.
A Python library to manipulate Trac tickets programmatically.
A static-file Markdown blogging engine.
Providing consistent APIs for interacting with your DirecTV Set-Top-Box (STB), because someone had to do it.
Development tool to help with testing the Android activity life cycle
Nether is a rails engine for easily adding endless page functionality to paginated content.
A JavaScript Development Tool
An Etherpad based on node.js - Our goal is to make collaborative editing the standard on the web
Tupi is an open/free 2D animation software based on usability, a friendly user experience and community values. Every human is an artist :)
jQuery Mobile MVC Plugin
The Solidity Contract-Oriented Programming Langauge
A Gravity Force / Turbo Raketti / Thrust game clone and platform

Android application that notifies you of your contacts' birthdays and anniversaries.
HTTPS Everywhere is a Firefox and Chrome extension that encrypts your communications with many major websites, making your browsing more secure.
rails source for the website freeldssheetmusic.org
Converts characters from one "encoding" to another using a transformation (think HTML entities, not character encodings)
Emacs.d setting for HTML / CSS / JS programming
Put something, some short code, some little scripts, some little tools.
Framework for Gibbs sampling of probabilistic models
A python script which leverages git to help you organize and archive your openFrameworks projects.
An extension of the mustache text template engine for .NET.
Python script to convert SVG to points, and then to CDFs and the like.
UBBMarkup makes mixing PHP and HTML easy by staying in the world of PHP. Think of UBBMarkup as a print() function especially for html.

[OBSOLETE] Create your own framework on top of Symfony
A Blend of Javascript MVC and PHP Web Application Building framework 
Website source
irclogger for app engine
JCore is a Proof of Concept and the code name of the next PressObjects version
A project for TEDx labs, this source was used to create a Bop-It style game using fruit as touch sensors.
Raytracer for both x86 and CellBE CPU.  Written in C, started in CG2 at RIT.  Classic Whitted scene.
Solutions to question in Crack Code Interview 5th Edition, written in C# with MonoDevelop
Generic LaTeX files for documents used in lectures (slides, exercises, labs, ...)
Integrates Josh Sullivan's CSS3 Progress Bars into Rails 3.1+ Projects.
An open-source Airbrake read client for iOS.
source repository server over ssh
Boilertek is a generic scafolding tool with some customization options and a user-frendly command line interface.
Useful automation scripts. Mostly in Python... and Ruby
Various HTTP helpers to simplify server-side development.
Scripts for extracting and plotting statistics from an IMAP account
Sinatra::Mapping extension is a minimal module that is useful for create map names for Sinatra web application.
A PHP-based authentication system. Please see the project site for the bugtracker and wiki.
an extension for phpBB around oGame
Solr Client Library
Statistical Machine Translation implementation with Python: especially IBM Model1, 2, and phrase-based machine translation.
common components used in yii framework.
Excite: External Citation processor. Use LaTeX like post-processing to organize your references in a word processing document.
Prints a list of anagrams for a given letter set, either in the console or via the web.
Use WaniKani's (http://www.wanikani.com/) API in your Ruby applications
A CGI script to manage a directory full of download files sorted by version and types
a command line interface tool to create custom bit.ly shortened urls
A Google Appengine project template using zc.buildout
RAPT: Ren'Py Android Packaging Tool
A library for document oriented architectures.
tinyproxy - a light-weight HTTP/HTTPS proxy daemon for POSIX operating systems
Built from scratch to replicate some of the Django admin functionality and add some more, to serve as an introspective interface for Django and Mongo. 
Online version of multiplayer arcade game Zatacka
Make your sharing widget! Sharrre is a jQuery plugin that allows you to create nice widgets sharing for Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus (with PHP script) and more.
This is a cross-platform, CUDA-based C++ implementation of the framework proposed in our paper "GPU Accelerated Time-of-Flight Super-Resolution for Image-Guided Surgery".
Webnoth is an experiment to render "Battle for Wesnoth" map in a 3D web based environment.

Java IRC framework
IRC Bot used at irc.devhat.net

The UI Automation COM-to-.NET Adapter makes it possible to use the new Windows Automation API 3.0 COM interfaces, with their improved reliability and performance, while still using the same System.Windows.Automation classes as in earlier versions of UI Au
customizations of Omeka Berlin theme
1-st psd to html on github
Another application for DIY magic mirror
surplus water allocation system created with codeigniter and bootstrap
A set of R scripts for automated horse racing actions
UITextView subclass which displays a suffix after editable text and a placeholder.
LocalStorage storage implementation for MarsDB
LocalForage storage implementation for MarsDB
This is an API Evangelist research site for API aggregation services.
Wrapper script and config files to use neovim+konsole as a normal gui text editor
This is the Git repo of the Docker image for the Debian 4.0 etch i386 (32bit)
sf-ntp extension periodically runs ntpdate program to synchronize the local time on current machine with a set of trusted time servers.
This is an additional module for Stab which lets you use Github-comments on your own hosted copy of Stab.

Web App to find and share recipes

Control an RGB light on a Raspberry Pi with web requests.
Android List View which shows Title,No. of Forks and No. of Stars of ur git repo
The dot grid planner builder using react (and devise)
A rails app for keeping track of metals like silver and gold.

RxJS-flavored version of HTTP fetch API for node.js
helper for tkinter
An API server template written in TypeScript 
Sums up all your steam transactions given the generated HTML of https://store.steampowered.com/account/history/
A tool to help me manage RPGs
A web framework to host media files released under a permissive license.

AI agents that are built based on the game Antics, used in the AI class at the University of Portland

Built using HTML5/CSS3/JQuery
An application for tracking the movements of your mouse on the screen to see how much you eventually have covered.
Create data frames based on iGraph graphs
my ruby gem that finds video game review scores scraped from metacritic.com

Blaze select input component to use with the Inspinia Bootstrap Admin Theme
this plugin will allow you to put bad users in this custom jail. They can never leave until admin permission to unlock them!!

getting data from Wikipedia and Weather API using Sinatra and Unirest

PDF File Fixing Tool
Eclipse projects to create the update-site and the generated output
a boosting-based Multiple Instance Learning (MIL) package that includes MIL-Boost and MCIL-Boost
Wintersmith project template with riotJS and bourbon/bitters/neat
...is a complete rewrite of NavigationView (from Design Support library) that enables - usage of Checkboxes, Switches & Badges as menu items - XML definition - Parcelable menus - collapsible/expandable menu-groups - multiple menus - custom styling.

websocket helpers for rails, http://maxpleaner.github.io/socket_helpers

Zomcure website template
Create, compile and run tasks across a cluster with minimal setup.
An Android version of the popular card game Innovation.
Redirect images url from http to relative path
This is a C version of the SCF code found in Appendix B of Modern Quantum Chemistry, An Introduction to Electronic Structure Theory by A. Szabo and N. Ostlund. I have included a built executable "scf_basic_version_1_0" and an output file called "out" whic
new project site
A Java applet that renders tiles in chunks with zoom and window movement functionality
Predict who liked your Tinder profile
Remote copy of folders/files using socket.io
A Rails plugin to have your Typeform available in seconds.
Plugin for GitBooks that provides analytics (via Clicky) for your documentation.
An expression training App that helps users mimic their own expressions.
Runtime tools for gulp; this is not for plugins.
A todo list using Java servlet as a web application
A dict-like object supports recursive merge operation for python

Generate a podcast RSS feed from files stored in Azure Blob Storage
The W3C Geometry Interfaces implemented in JavaScript and polyfilled.
 an XS module with nothing but translateObj
Java ILP is a simplified java interface to (mixed) integer linear programming solvers like, e.g., lp_solve, Glpk, SAT4J (0-1 ILP), CPLEX, or Mosek.
Ionic mobile app to follow NFL leagues and teams
randomadventure is a really badly coded Python script, that will pick a random episode of Adventure Time and open the episode for streaming, using a popular streaming/file indexing website.
Web SDK for the survey / poll 
Various scripts and games to use with a Twitch mIRC bot.  The games are designed to work in conjunction with AnkhBot and AnkhBot's point system.
rancher-agent for RancherOS + SpotInst.com with a #cloud-config user data.
c++11 variadic template string formating library
An Webpack Startet Kit with some of the new technologies (Webpack, Webpack dev server, Babel, ES2015, PostCSS)
This android app is to remind good things which you have done in your life.Later your mind will be happy after reading those good things which you have done.
A school notice board type thing.
Scrapes images from a site and displays them. Ultimately intended for raspberry pi.
Adds interface options for interacting with the V8 developer tools.
a c++11 utility library
A configurable framework for building a geographic "data dashboard" from a GeoJSON file.
Portfolio Site
CLI utility to post files and command output to slack 
Plugin that controls the importing of content onto the david.vg site
A C++ conversion and quality overhaul of some android tools used with RockChip image files.
OpenGL 4.3 Engine written entirely in portable C
A list of recipes to testing your React code
Horizontal and vertical scrollbars designed for the canvases - specifically, the tkinter library of Python 3.5. However, if the tkinter specific commands were changed it could easily be used for other canvas based objects as the theory behind the GUI is t
A simple, readable, vim theme, with suggestions for rolling your own.
C# classes for generating SemanticUI elements
Self destructing to do list app
Script that generates the boilerplate for a new jeykll post
A cross platform electron based app that will handle launching the game client and dealing with the servers for other tasks like matchmaking
A class selection system for students at Cal Poly Pomona.
In-memory cache to retrieve and set values based promise resolution.
A program made for my school CS class that allows you to build a logic gate circuit and execute it using the console, written in Java.
Photobooth app made using polymer library


Automated email send functionality through the Gmail API
Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment ( c++ )
A MTG Life Total application for Android.
Java Badge Project

A Haskell API to google Sheets 
A python program that implements the Blackjack poker game.
Implements Kruskal's algorithm for finding the Minimum Spanning Tree (MST) of a graph in Racket (specifically in Advanced Student Language). The graph API is also contained in this file.
Web page for exploring the complete graph on 64 vertices.  This graph has 2016 edges.  Happy New Year
emacs settings for C, C++, html, node.js, ...
Potentially makes the process of sending your friends a Happy New Years email faster
ChatWithMe! is a real-time chat application where users can create and join public and private chat rooms to start conversations.
Helper provider to assist in general crud functions of a restful controller

Have you uploaded any sensitive data to your Box account, credit card numbers, social security numbers, phone numbers?? Well Lets Find out!!

Emulate In-memory storage like database
Plugin for IntelliJ that helps you do pair programming.
Using PHP to generate a social network web application; MySQL was used in the back-end.
A c# winforms project that downloads and saves a given webpage, and the webpages which are linked from it upto a specified depth.
An intuitive, action-based, chainable helper library for Protractor
sketchpad using js and jQuery
A platform for Dota 2 betting and tracking team informations.
Plugin for unicode character entry in Sublime Text, targeted at LuaTeX.
Server & client software for Firewall Cafe
music store written with angular2 and jspm
UNIX-like OS written in go
A Google App Script to read the movie year and title from Google Spreadsheet and fetch the metadata for the media through the OMDB API
using python to create lmdb format input for mnist

Sails.js Realtime MVC Framework for Node.js
Pandemic game engine
github pages
Uses Java to visualize how a number becomes 1 using the laws of the conjecture.

A lightweight transmission torrent client docker image.
A cars counter for Hatena blog access log.
Parse react source file and generate html or markdown table
EASI Programming Language Source Code
Using NodeJS and Express, I can make asynchronous requests to an API to determine the average number of students who attended class today (25 or older)
Template Extensions
Mac OS Installation Helper is a tool to that can help you install Mac OS to any supported laptops.


Various scripts for solving problems in 2D and 3D CG and some other stuff
Cool Weather Application
Himesama is a YhavaScript library for building user interfaces.  Its just like React, except components re-render in response to a single global state (like in redux) rather than states distributed to each component.
Swift library for building AI social networks
some 8bit emulators: Apple1, Commodore PET
UIkit components built with React (Meteor package)
A repository that contains Minecraft PE's ModPE Scripts, Addons, and more
establish app to path map
reindent code, whilst preserving git blame
Installer for the open fpga toolset for Lattice processors. This tool has been created so that it can be translated to any languages.
Redactor plugin for copy formatting of text in editor and applying to another text in editor

Library to create UI elements for Browser based games
This Python module abstracts the GPIO expander MCP23S17 for usage on the Raspberry Pi.
MLND P2: Building a Student Intervention System
InsomniaX - Keep your Mac awake the easy way
iOS apps and Android apps, BlackBerry apps with similar functionality.

Generate makefiles for projects with subfolders
This is an API Evangelist research site for realtime services.
Cryptographic Service Provider Tool For Powershell
A RESTful API + websockets framework for managing containers over a set of Docker Nodes. 
Golang client for Alibaba diamond config manage system.

Let's Compose React Containers
Mini version of url shortening service

Traffic Lighter Source Code for Wokshop Addon
Mariadb docker image with some customizable variables.
ios objective-c code snippets and plugin for Xcode
DropZon Upload of excel file with node mock server accepting the dropzone file
This is the project site for API evangelism.
A Pascal program to display the time in binary.

A free framework for Unity that will help drastically increase the development speed and feature set of your games.
Nanodegree Project 3 - Foot Ball score
Plethora is an open-source PHP framework which gives a set of tools to create web-applications.
anti-fraud for mobile money using data science
Front-End JavaScript Frameworks: AngularJS from HK University
Advisor: Free Lead-Generating Landing Page
This is application for listening the tcp server and get messege from the that server
Old school project, for a connect-4 solver and AI.
Donkey Kong  terminal game  written in python 
This minimal Arduino based clock was created to replace our faulty bedroom clock until we purchase a new one :P
Openframeworks app for algorithm testing
A NLP module that reads local files (.txt) from a folder or webpages (.html) from a bookmark file and displays the 20 most popular words, indicating the interests and e-hobbies of the user.


Pyed is the abbreviation of Python Event Driver. It offers user a rapid development for a event system using tcpserver, timer etcd
A koa middleware works as development server for webpack.
Aqua Theme for Bludit


movie converter script for your ipad based on ffmpeg
PHP framework  
Web Server Log Manager is a software developed with on demand Reporting is to maintain the network traffic details in a log file,which derives indicators about who, when and how a web server is visited.
ICE.GS new theme.
A generated polymer library with the vaadin api-generator https://github.com/vaadin/gwt-api-generator
C# Desktop application to manage expenses
A new repo for a slack signin microsite.
A python script that downloads manga for you in jpeg form
Back-up to your Stack storage
Translation module for meteor astronomy
webGL gaming engine
Z-Wave and Thread Gateway for guhIO using the Raspberry PI Compute Module 
System of students
Wordpress Theme for BD Guide
rawgit button extension for firefox
Node.js compatible module loader for runtime.js
Contains whole scripts which has been made by me
A Super Mario project developed in C for the university TUHH in Germany
Use your Xiaomi MiBand for Geocaching!
Offline reader for Wikipedia and other Wiki projects
QA over Linked Open Vocabularies

https://tools.wmflabs.org/contact
developed using PHP/MySQL
Script for reading binary .chn files from Ortec detectors
Just a fun bot for a twitch channel using the PricBot framework for easy acces to the tiwtch irc servers
A backup tool for GitHub repositories
A tool to get recursive directory information from Dropbox

Symple android ndk openCv
FlowGrid is a visual dataflow programming environment for Android.
hosts updater for android
This is a banking application written in C++ in Console.
A Laravel Application for storing all your contacts
PHP package for encrypting and decrypting files
Reads your xbox one gamer tag video rss feed and displays the videos and screenshots onto your website. You can now save images and videos now
Pin entry component for react-native
Android Currency Converter using Yahoo Finance API (YQL) and implements Text change Listener.
Code for dealing with CoRE Link Format (RFC 6690) and similar
a go version sockfile https://github.com/Steveice10/sockfile
The free web Visual Novel engine!
to send generic mails using the mandrill API in PHP as server side. (Web based only)
GDB plugin to dump SECCOMP rules set via prctnl(PR_SET_SECCOMP, SECCOMP_MODE_FILTER)


Node.js module to manage SSH Configuration files in a sane way.
A library consists of technical analysis methods for trading.

student-registration form in node.js


Project tools to classify and sort ebooks
A python script to retrieve current weather and forecast data from openweathermap.org for your current position as well as any city arroudn the world. The Data can be loaded in a conky config file.

ToDo List using MEAN Stack + AngularJS
Fetch Rotten Tomatoes Data without an API key.
A collection of coding Katas in Ruby And JS
Simulation of a totally asymmetric attractive interacting particle system
Box plugin for HiDev
Chatbot plugin for Indigo Server
TypeScript Book Repository
Automatic docker configurations for osx
Vue BEM Directive - A vue.js directive for automatic BEM class generation when creating components. A very rough example can be found here: https://jsfiddle.net/at1h1z1z/6/
Arduino library for controlling Robie Junior's eyes using adafruit's PWM shield.
General and helpful tools for ZF2 applications
Add a Center To My Position button like available on Google Maps
An HTTP download server optimized for podcasts
OpenStack Controller on Docker
Application for taking notes, written in rails.
Library to connect to Stanford NER local Server, send in the Raw Text and get back Entity JSON
Cloud Block Storage as a Service
express view engine for partial react views
App with tools: front-end( Bootstrap and AngularJS), back-end(PHP), and a little simulator html for the App. 
Morra game built for a project in the university


Free Antpool PHP-API-Client
A Jekyll theme based on the super minimal Milligram CSS Framework
Web-based app to systemacically review your queued tasks in Todoist task manager.
Tool to convert senml between formats and act as gateway server to other services
A python script helping keeping track of TODOs added to code on current branch.



Automatically created docker image for php
New design of Hevicado application
A JavaScript library to work with weather information and forecasts data provided by Open Weather Map.
A storage application for malt and hops built in Django.
Repo for generating images which fool a trained CNN on MNIST

C#.NET, Windows Form
A collection of gw2 QoL enhancements.
Golang utility class KeyLock: lock by string key, so as to avoid giant lock
Single page angular web app for EigenMusik.
A helper Android library to extend a Map class to make it multi-key.
Parses csv and creates a plot of all the points. Currently very specific to the table format I'm using.
Lightweight framework for old-school RPG GUI in web!

JavaScript Design Pattern Collections
Quick & dirty, but restores URL from a given file (pinned tabs)
(WIP) Rich-Text Editor that behaves like Tencent QQ's.
A node.js alternative for Varnish Cache

Docker compose yml builder API using Symfony 3.0

Creating plugin for converting table from Autocad to text file with extension .arps
A python program to organize cave topography data and create maps
Returns the largest number from a multidimensional array or object.
TuxMath is an arcade game that helps people practice their math facts.
code for consciousless.net

Abox lite version
R helper package for creating, manipulating, and visualizing Atlantis input files and data
A Python script to help you write more human readable config files for TextMate
Plugin for JOSM for customizing of public transport stops
A simpe version of the snake game written in python using the curses library

A time based map reduce toolkit
A MongoDB storage driver for Botkit

Java program which allows the user to choose array size, sorting algorithm, worst, best or average case complexity. Based on the input, program will display the time consumption of the selected sorting algorithm


Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Scabbia2 Events Component
python script for mirroring youtube videos
Scabbia2 Tasks Component
Scabbia2 Yaml Component
Scabbia2 Formatters Component
Scabbia2 Helpers Component
Scabbia2 Router Component
Scabbia2 Services Component
Version bumping without the b
Norad Framework Command Line Interface


CallHistoryLog Mobile Application
Blogging Web App in CodeIgniter (Php Framework)
Some docker images and convenience scripts for g-2 development

backend for the notes app.

Be a library hijacker: using LD_PRELOAD for setting safe home-made memcpy
read temperature using N Pt100 sensors in series and set output level simulating NTC connected to third party device  

Capistrano 3 build and copy strategy for git (checkout branch, apply build steps and deploy to server)
Emergency Medical Aid based on Internet of things
popover component for angular applications
C++ server, creates a new process for each connecting client
Set of tools for dealing with time data
Downloader for c3 mp4 files
The deployed website
Text Mining with Java tf-idf and more

The Ninja Tracker application created by following Meteor + React
Business Support System - Core Component
Files for sumeshp.com
Packer image build scripts.
Theme for Ghost blogging engine
A lightweight wrapper for SQLite written in Swift
:bird: Template for creating a tweetbot with AWS Lambda
The Magic Mirror Webserver
Collection of tree data structures and iterators for each.
Contact list app with ActiveRecord exercise for W3D2 of lighthouselabs.com web development bootcamp
Congressional App Challenge ~2015-2016 (Vikram Sharma, Michael Chen, Sahaj Putcha, Nishant Yadav)
:truck: Mimetype + data -> React Component
Data mining using Facebook API
An iOS app for a food ordering website http:/treathunger.com .
eXeLearning with native saving in standard ePUB files and pure HTML/Javascript interaction templates (iDevices).  Work in progress.
A real time strategy game. Still in early development. Initially created/started by Alex Nordhausen (Namone)
A jQuery/Backbone application in which users can make wolf versions of themselves

Ensure all lines in a CSV contain placeholders for missing columns. Solution for 'missing column' errors when using postgres COPY command
List types for an Android application.
Translator that converts normal text into the vowel-based ooo language.

Code generator for galleries to insert in shopify blog posts
Some Low level stuff with linux using C and python
reproducible pipeline to go along with work for semantic-image-comparison
The website for HCET Notix Project.
App for https://github.com/goeuro/dev-test
This is a interactive photo gallery with a real time search box that filters the images. I used HTML, CSS and jQuery to build up this project.
Ever wished to play a MU* from the comfort of your IRC client?  Well now you can!
New Payments Platform repo
K-Way Merge Sort, implemented using both a Heap, and a conventional, slower method. Written in Python.
Maps App using Google Maps SDK for iOS (Swift iOS) .
Simplified backup tool written in python
Password Manager desktop app

Monokai Extended dark syntax theme for Atom editor
Ruby gem that will inject the Skeleton library in your project.
Material Design implementation with style guide
Program to maintain a database of your own personal comic collection, with comic details from GCD (comics.org).
Webpack Typescript React Testing with Karma
Script for HellDivers community
Docker scripts to create lambdacube development environment
downloads planetmoney episodes from 2013-2015
This web application is a date planner. Useful for people who want to manage their schedule to go on date with multiple matches online. Copyrighted material!
In this project, I seek to build a machine learning algorithm that can identify Enron employees who might have committed fraud from the Enron financial and email dataset.
Program AB is the reference implementation of the AIML 2.0 - Artificial Intelligence Markup Language. AIML is a widely adopted standard for creating chat bots and virtual assistants like ALICE, Mitsuku, English Tutor, The Professor, S.U.P.E.R. and many mo
A C++ library for update checking and automatic updating of the software distributed via GitHub releases
A JS, CSS Component for Mini-PopOvers in style of OS X El Capitan.

First stab at an embeddabble cms
Android app containing popular mathematics theorems
Tile Word Game for Scholars
Python project for calculating and storing class statistics.

Android Launcher App
Maintains a local copy of the eeDomus database
retrieve information from the volvo on call (voc) web service
Tone generator for text and hyperlinks.
API for Astronomy Pics of the Day site. Written in Node.js
Modern 3D OpenGL engine.
A system bot written in Elixir
Machine for doing OpenStack contributions.  This saves you having to do all the prerequisite stuff on your development machine, so you can just get right to fixing code/docs and submitting.  Some minor tweaking needed to individualize. 
server for statistics for manga reader written with spring boot on kotlin
Programming data structures using C plus plus
Docker project for creating teamspeak servers.
Base visual component implementation.
ruby 2.3.0 development
Codes for data analysis, preprocessing, classification and clustering
This folder contains some usefull powershell scripts.

This is a text editor application in java have similar look like windows notepad
Fluid dynamics component of Chemical Engineering Design Library (ChEDL)
Ansible playbook - Docker LEP stack (3-tier).
UofT MSE club website theme. Check out the design at http://mse.skule.ca
The game, snake
Repo for .js roguelike development
2-cycle MIPs CPU implemented in Logisim.
Roku Remote App built using the Ionic Framework and Cordova
Visual Studio Team Services Build features directly in Visual Studio Code
Comment Parser for Casey Neistat 2015 Giveaway
Royal Blue Wordpress theme
Wordpress Theme Freifunk 
AWS Lambda function that integrates SQS and Mailchimp new subscriptions
An app for tracking the progress your work
python tools for genetics analyses
A .NET Core repository reference with implementations developers that want a Comments back-end capability for their website or app.
University project about linear programming problem using regression analysis 
Software for syncing notes with LiveSplit using the LiveSplit server component.
Babel plugin to automatically install missing dependencies as you work.
MarsDB storage implementation based on LevelUP
Finds missing tags on EC2 instances and EBS volumes and generates a report on which tags are missing. Allows for multiple AWS accounts to be checked in a single session using IAM roles via STS, and saves state between sessions using DynamoDB.
Blank NodeJs + Express app with gulp and everything setup to get up and running fast
Express.js module for VK server authentication
In progress multiplayer 2D game and engine.
Little language that compiles into Javascript
iOS app listens for your speech, and suggest you the jokes.

Landing site for torchlight legal
App website for the Family Medicine Study Guide
Generate a docker-compose yaml definition from a running container
A set of scripts we use with Docker and Amazon ECS/ECR to manage things.
5th-class-laravel-3-Happysk created by Classroom for GitHub
Electronic Systems class Final Project. Consists of a Temperature/HeartRate monitor based on the PIC16F1825 uController.
A development version of Pimcore for Docker
This script enables system admins and Linux/Unix users to create cron jobs that run according to the Hijri calendar and can be related to prayer times.
Online Shop - Web Shop HTML
Checking out react
Add the pigpio library to kodi on the raspberry pi 2 for I/O purposes
The essential files for our site theme, based on the free Wordpress theme "Edin"
Final project of 520 Intro. to AI. Naive Bayesian, Perceptron & Neural Network Classifiers for handwrite digits and faces.
Lightweight LibNFC glue for Node.js (intended for reading Mifare Classic RFIDs via ACR122U/USB)
Password Storage
Tool to graphically resize portraits for Baldur's Gate 2
Reference architecture for a Todo application written in Angular 1
Portfolio Website #2
Designing Restful API Final Project -https://www.udacity.com/course/designing-restful-apis--ud388

Assignment 1 for 520 Intro. to AI. A Star Search
Data and code for "This Post Is Brought To You By The National Science Foundation"
Easy configuration setting and getting for Laravel projects ("persistent settings")
E-Commerce Site bringing the artisan glassblower together with his or her customers
Web application for genealogists that allows to generate reports from separate GenoPro files.
Automatically updates vim local settings depending on current file path and user-defined build configurations
PDX Code 301 (night track): Intermediate Software Development
a3 config manager
Easy-to-use collection of Guarantee types
Bookmarklets to scrape things and give them to you as a zip.
This repo is useful for iOS developers who wants to animate label on the text field.
Vim bindings to the HaRe haskell refactoring tool
Hayashi Empirical Work
Easy-to-use collection of Guarantee types
The Nethunter Linux Root Toolkit is a collection of bash scripts which install Nethunter onto a supported device.

A work for any number of musicians in which pitches that are heard most often are slowly removed from the set of available pitches over the course of the piece until no more pitches are left.
inputs list of URLs, outputs top word counts on each domain

Is the ground shaking from an earthquake or just a truck driving by? After moving to CA, its hard to tell
Hayashi Empirical Work
Balance is an Android app made by MotivFit. Currently under development.
Reader for the binary ".wbm"-extension format created by NCH Software programs such as Wavepad. Implemented in Python.

Swift (swift.org version) syntax checker for Syntastic.
tape-archival tool packaged for debian
MsgPack debugging and validation tool also usable as Fiddler plugin

Exigo corp wordpress
Using meteor with react and es6 classes
The landing page for 10 min MTL
Free Game Hosting PHP Script
create your graph and run Dijkstra to get the shortest path between 2 nodes
This is Movie project that you can add  movies to your list with its Title,Score,Description,imdb url and delete movies from your favorite movies list easly

A skeleton of a react web application.
Work in progress tic-tac-toe game.
a url search based on the Coursera API, by the Johns Hopkins University - MD
Borderless browser app for watching Netflix in a floating window above all other apps.
Dockerized environment for Magento 1.x development
Qt application which shows the information about laptop's battery in the system tray.
cdd wrapper module for Julia
The JavaScript state management library
React-Redux-ES6-Webpack version of Book Catalog
Budget First is an open source budget application based on the envelope budgeting or zero-sum budget approach, in which income is partitioned in various categories and spending only occurs from these categories.
Currency converter android application
A minimalist react starter-kit
Blog Development
Android App for CollegeSpace
Stress consistency snapshot isolation in various relational databases. See also: https://johann.schleier-smith.com/blog/2016/01/06/analyzing-a-read-only-transaction-anomaly-under-snapshot-isolation.html
Command line tools for adana.
 A web application that helps individuals and groups organize and create an itinerary for their future travels
A Python-based password and todo-list manager using QML
Douban HTTP API
HTML email signature for Lockstep Labs
The website for the kingdom life site


JavaScript bitmap processing filters for images, video and canvas supporting HTML5 Web Workers.
iOS app retrieving up-to-date food related recalls from OpenFDA, a government project.
Automated test harness for performing demo playback regression tests for DOOM source ports that implement demo logging.
Customized ~/.config/awesome
A helper router for resource-specific express routing
node's net api in react-native
Mybatis migrations plugin to use with Gradle
This is a cancer knowledge base system
flusk server implementing control SLV API (BL)
A web framework for .NET
A script for fetching administrative zone data based on postal code from OpenNorth's Represent API  
A four-day Agile project to create an online store in Rails
Using Box2d physics engine and PID controller, have a little craft go where you click it whilst hovering against gravity.
A framework to refactor computing a result from an aggregate object
IoT Tower alert we did this last night of 2015!!
An app to check whether your code is Ruby 2.0.0 compatible.
A jQuery plugin which captures the keyboard events and translates them into appropriate MIDI events
Set of tools for initializing and deploying Wordpress sites
a just in time datasource for Mapnik
DEPRECATED: USE MAPBOX.JS
A Downton Abbey-inspired lorem ipsum text generator
Super sparse multi-class machine learning with Cython
Schema (SQL) and Data (JS) Migrations for node.js (for PostgreSQL and MySQL)
Website for OKC.js, an Oklahoma City JavaScript User Group. okcjs.com
Outil de calcul de medecine pour smartphone
Android repo for Steer Clear App
Randomly generates a grid and sees if a provided set of words is in the grid, like as in a words search
a PHP API for converting online (HTML) timetables into JSON, XML and more. Currently only supports versions of the Untis timetable software.
Python-like class sugar. No more "var that = this"!
spirit2json is an attempt at a standards-compliant json parser/generator written in C++ using Boost Spirit 2
Custom Puppet Modules/Facts/Functions etc I've cleaned up and feel like sharing....
A browser game built with HTML5 and JavaScript

Helper library for working with VMware from python
Command Line Interface for the development of Homey Apps
A ruby script to download all files from your classic Basecamp account
Insert Lorem Ipsum - Sublime Text Plugin
[Deprecated] use locomotive cms or similar http://locomotivecms.com
DynaMechs rebuilt with CMake. Original project website: http://sourceforge.net/projects/dynamechs/  (This link has been down for a while, then some unknown guy resurrected it). DynaMechs is orginally developed by Scott McMillan. Current version has been t
Some useful widgets for Android.
proton simulator to generate virtual pCT data sets
TYPO3 extension Schemaker: Fluid ViewHelper XSD Schema Generator
Can you keep your little monster alive? Feed him meat and love or it'll die fast! ;)
A TextMate bundle created to add a few useful snippets for developing HTML Emails



Page to generate ajax responses with releases for telestrekoza.com
An old iOS application which displays the latest software updates from MacUpdate. Never published - No longer developed nor maintained.







HTML validator for emacs using flymake and validator.nu















a cross-platform chat application with the highest security
Maven plugin to compress and merge web resources
Localization QA tool
TorqueBox Release Engineering - DO NOT CLONE
libabc: skeleton userspace library. http://0pointer.de/blog/projects/libabc.html
A little help to viewing ArcGIS Server, Geocommons, Arc2Earth, CartoDB, GIS Cloud, etc. vector data in a Leaflet map
\N
Popover plugin for jQuery
Real-time Backbone.js app with iOS styling -- post a message and all other users see it without having to refresh. Extends Backbone Collection & Model objects - adding web sockets (and fallback polling) support (pub/sub), by subscribing to specific events
This project has migrated to savannah - see https://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/sciteproj/ - Project handler for the SciTE editor
A cfwheels plugin to make sure your app is always secured with SSL.
A .Net Portable Class Library to simplify the calling of a RESTful web service from a .Net client application.
A web page to decode any BER encoded data and display it nice and clearly to the user
Flash Game Engine that utilizes the power of Stage3D, the new hardware acceleration for Flash Player 11
Correct attribute memoization for ruby, made easy
A Penn Treebank-style parsed corpus of historical Greek from Homer through the Greek New Testament.

Document System Recognition
A buildout recipe that generates a configuration file for SublimeCodeIntel

A Sublime Text 2 plugin that emulates some of Notational Velocity's (or nvAlt's) functionality
A PHP RCON wrapper for controlling BF2 servers
Twitter Bootstrap Theme for Sphinx
YCanvas is an open source 2D tile renderer library written in ActionScript 3. It provides high performance solution for rendering world maps. The library also contains Stage3D (GPU) accelerated implementation based on Starling.
Profiler is a software component to easier the investigation of the performance issue. It provides some tools to report the CPU usage and call times of the profiled places.
Create, scale and upgrade your company's own Cloud Foundry
Set expiry dates for users in WordPress
fiverr-like web app with rails
A lightweight browser extension that scrobbles the music you listen to on the web.
TwEater (short for Twitter Eater) is a tool designed to help you archive long-term Twitter search queries. TwEater supports a variety of backends, from flat files to MySQL databases, and it's easy to plug in your own storage code. TwEater is released unde
SimpleOCL is an embeddable OCL implementation
Modified deluge scheduler plugin with 'force start' support
node.js API wrapper for Morale
Cross-platform game engine written in C++.
Create Vim colorschemes with Ruby
Rails extension, shows cute notifications in frontend
OpenSense iOS library and OpenSense Collector app
This repo will contain the 3.4 kernel for Sony Xperia MSM8960T devices
A responsive DotNetNuke skin. Originally created for training sessions at DotNetNuke World 2012.
Popcorn.js Base Plugin
Evenly distributed random color generator for Objective-C 
Sample Rootkit for Linux
Sublime Text 2 command to format long SQL statement to a more readable form (also available via Package Control)

Kujua Lite is a web based SMS data collection and analytics tool focused on community health care workers in rural environments. We help large health organizations collect and analyze data sent from health care workers using ordinary mobile phones.
Public Suffix List module for Python
Java class file dependency analysis.
Switcher - A WiFi Open Source Power Switch
Python Implementation of the TrueSkill, Glicko and Elo Ranking Algorithms
Conventional request processing for your JS
Aggregate test framework for test iOS and Node.js project
A puzzle game
:computer: A school project using Google App Engine and Google Maps. :skull:
A scalable, semantic, @fontface loving icon set for the world of today
This is a bare Django project that includes a Fabric file, commonly known as a fabfile, to setup an Ubuntu 11.10 server with Django, Nginx, gunicorn and upstart.
BloodBowl like game


Use your own class object to easily load and save configuration settings to App/Web/Custom .config or .xml file.
ATLAS good runs list reader and command-line tools
Bridge for Java
Auxiliary plugin of RealtimeRender for transferring files by Secure Copy (SCP).
PHP-based parsing library for aviation METAR weather reports and TAF forecasts.
A lightweight 3D physics engine written in JavaScript.


GnuPG - GNU Privacy Guard - tool for secure communication and data storage
JSGI Server for Node.JS
A script to help cutting releases of your projects in a single step (following some conventions).
SILC source code
Vim Config for C and C++
SOLID PHP & Code Smells - Part 2: Open / Closed Principal
PHP Framework
Dummy Application for WoltLab/WCF
Notes and scripts for setting up a Ubuntu backup server
Fast and fuzzy file opener for Bash in Go
Java implementation of a Disk-based LRU cache which specifically targets Android compatibility.
An Angry Birds-like programmed in Java as a school project
Extended SharedPreferences Class for Android
Create an audio sample from a selected song
Erlang LSM BTree Storage
Twitter component for Apache Camel
JMX Extensions for use with CJMX
This library hopes to provide a helper class to be used by any Java based reporting tool like Jasper/Pentaho

Latex 2 CNXML Transformation
Can stream an ~20 minutes ASCII movie via Telnet emulation as stand alone server or via xinetd daemon. Using famous ASCII art animation from www.asciimation.co.nz (Star ASCIIMATION Wars)
FortiGate automatic backup script.
This project is for the Gentoo portage system to cleanup or organize DISTDIR
Contao module ce_jquery_slider
Search engine optimization for WordPress/MS and BuddyPress
Projector simulation tools for VVVV
Hydra head application used at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame

A configurable Readable Stream that generates Lorem ipsum.  Helpful in stream testing.
A source code dump for OneButton FTP, an old OS X FTP client.

Calaos Web App - HTML5 (based on AngularJS) Application for calaos home automation system
Semi-private RTL development upstream of OpenCPI - this is *not* the OpenCPI repo!
Simple, scaleable carousels for jQuery (MIT)
Monotone (a version control system) Emacs integration
Novabuild is a build system used by Be IP to generate Debian (.deb) packages out of upstream tarballs or repositories and a separate repository of 'debian/' directories.
Various tools for working with SymPy's Google Code issues.
CakePHP2: Deprecated parent controller class that adds a helper _respond() method for ajax requests
Sample couchapp for tailor shops management.
A collections module for the Kohana PHP Framework.
A program which allows several people to queue music to a single computer for use on example LAN parties or at the office.
Naive implementation of Radix Tree for Ruby
General tools for Neil
The qWikiOffice Web Desktop is an open source project committed to providing an online experience that is unique and user friendly.  Ajax technology combined with the EXT-JS library and cutting edge graphics allow qWikiOffice and the web applications with
:star2: source for a fun EMOJI DOMAIN

Radio propagation prediction and simulation tool for VHF-UHF 
forked from http://redmine.the.re/git/puppet-rsnapshot.git
OWS web app changed from unstructured javascript to Backbone and Underscore JS
Codeigniter 2 class for google analytics api

A lightweight RESTful router component for PHP 5.3+
The diff washing machine. See your code changes clearly.
Separated groovy template engine for the Play! framework
Java(TM) based open graphics 2D
Github page

Api for using config entries (only partially done)
a site invitation app for Django
SDK to use HockeyApp in Windows and Windows Phone apps.
Node.js based todo application.
A Node.js wrapper for libgphoto2
Search ADS for author:year citations using a single query
Another yii application for start development
Node.js module to list all files in a directory or any subdirectories.
DO NOT USE. Riakkit. An ORM for Python Riak for RAD. Similar to mongokit and couchdbkit. This is about to be deprecated by kvkit




This is a sandbox that you can experiment with anything in
A node.js module for reactive webcrawling
SendGrid Node.js helper library
Migrates a b2evolution blog to WordPress
PostgreSQL client application
FatBox CORE API Client
A wrapper for Swing aiming to provide more concise syntax and extra functionality. Still in heavy development, syntax may change radically.
iOS application deployment helpers
Cache django views so they can be served directly from Nginx (using Memcache).

ForcePad: Every Salesforce app, tab, and record, full CRUD, native iOS, slices these carrots, chops these tomatoes
An installation created in collaboration with Thomas Lock and Robin Rimbaud (Scanner)
Main source code for all Line Following Robot projects
4.4.2 Google Play Edition kernel
command-line interface helper utility for ruby
Alternative calendar export plugin for Moodle 2
PHP class used to easily make requests to REST APIs
Python module for file versioning API in Windows
Rails website that breaks down federal government spending
Adds all required Fedora objects to allow users to ingest and retrieve web archives through the Islandora interface.
Rails form builder that creates Bootstrap style forms
Some handy tools for GNU/Linux , bash , open environment to make your day to day life easier
Codeigniter 2.x easy form creator base on native CI form helper and validation library. Support ajax
Bukkit plugin for chat moderation
An organizer for arbitrary knowledge, using an object model rather than text as the atomic unit of knowledge. See the web site http://www.onemodel.org for background.
Utility code for for AVR app development, generally tailored for the Teensy 
Battle City open source Flash port
Module for loading SQL
Detecting integer overflow in C and C++
Android app for robot control
A scratchpad for working on making some of the C++11 STL code from gcc 4.9 transaction-safe
many jquery // such doge // so pro // wow

R package to help manage the datasets, models, and processes of behavioral model development.  VERY early in development.
Google Glass compatible OpenCV CameraCalibration app
Python solution to make lines of text in a file a JavaScript array
A Chrome DevTools theme based on @kkga's Spacegray theme.
A bitcoin world exploration game
An easy to use Biome Config editor for Terrain Control Biomes
miniKanren with declarative copy term (copyo)

RatLang is an open source programming language that wants to replace your calculator. It strives for the most concise syntax and the most useful language constructs to make writing calculations faster.
A TeamCity plugin for the Trigger.io command-line build tools
Complete (in theory...) documentation for Ractive.js
Yeelight Blue Tasker plugin
Implementation of different searching algorithms
Monkey patch providing syntactic sugar and spice atop the node-postgres client library
Test Plugin for WordPress that allows users to add Global Message anywhere on the blog.
Android library implement drag GridView item to change with animation
Update the year in files.
Mountainvew Christian Reformed website.  Work on v2.0 as a Drupal site.
A Game Template I developed that is similar to games like Mafia Wars. (Not 100% complete)
This project uses machine learning algorithms to analyze waiting time at DMV offices. 
Create a configurable rpm from your grails artifacts
Unlimited* cloud storage
Ex8, co-written with Dylan Otto Krider was an open-ended assignment from our Games Programming class using Java and OpenGL

An iOS component for sighting a point using the camera and compass.
an iOS component for drawing on an image

Home automation system to control the heating system
Organized  iOS networking framework
Singleton class for In App Purchases for iOS development
open source http server
Some tools to check iointegrity
Created using Windows Form Application in C#. Program utilizes Color Class to display picture. Common functions are performed, including flip, rotate, invert and resize.
Recreated using Visual Studio C#. Included a menu system and three levels of difficulty to enhance user experience.
Webplate is an awesome front-end framework that lets you stay focused on building your site or app all the while remaining really easy to use.
Built version of the 40yog
Guesses the answers to multiple choice questions using Bing's Search API.
IRC (Internet Relay Chat) daemon written in Java using the Akka actor system
Internationalize is a ruby library for transfering your local Rails (-version > 3.0 ) project to an I18n format.  It will automatically extract hard-coded text from your ERB view file, then choose a proper key and replace them with the I18n.translate meth
Various inventory management tools for Minecraft servers running CraftBukkit
built.io supports notifications for iOS and Android. In Android, push notifications are provided by the GCM (Google Cloud Messaging) Service. To setup GCM, follow: http://developer.android.com/google/gcm/gs.html
Name Service Switch Service that uses an HTTP server as a backend.
A tool for extracting and showing some statistical information about software projects; Based on Git, CLOC and git-score.
Scripts and tools for working with GDELT and the Global Knowledge Graph

PHP Forum Facebook Style
tamina library for haxe
Distributed graph storage based on Akka and Scala
A WIP Adminmod for Just Cause 2 Multiplayer
CiviCRM extension with custom searches for De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension for the specific API wrapper De Goede Woning
CiviCRM extension De Goede Woning synchronization with First Noa
Gala night web site code
Utilities to manipulate NGS data files
A chrome extension the organizes downloads by file types
Implemented AWS elastic transcoder service using AWS Java API.

Django Navigation App (helper for django-sitetree)
Display recent Google contacts list with their Name, Email and Phone numbers.  
A document version control and sharing platform, for projects, challenges.
Python Smart Feed library
Web version of mastercoin-wallet (https://github.com/mastercoin-MSC/mastercoin-wallet)
Public repository for the www.wholetsplay.com website
Scalable, OctopusDeploy-powered webfarm using Windows Azure Web Roles.

Happy.ph Mobile App
Android extension for OpenFL for Flurry
"Guess the Number" JavaScript challenge repo
Export your database as a Laravel Migration. And export your DB data as a seed file. Finally sync all this with your remote server.
O2 Version Started
A React JSX asset loader for Optimus.
The code could analysis JSON data to object
A drag and drop module for angularjs

A collection of CSS3 powered hover effects to be applied to links, buttons, logos, SVG, featured images and so on. Easily apply to your own elements, modify or just use for inspiration. Available in CSS, Sass, and LESS.
NBA.rb is a Ruby library for retrieving NBA League games, schedules, teams and players.
A Chrome extension that allows you to add a page as an event on Google Calendar or download a file to save it to Outlook or iCal, acting as a reminder to come back
A college campus safety app to send a user's GPS location to campus police in case of emergencies. Made originally for the Drew Everson Safety Challenge 2013 at Duke University, now available publicly for commercial and non-commercial uses. 
Node.js module to format big uint numbers from a byte array or a Buffer
Presence Firefox OS Tribe App
An IRC bot written in C++
The PHP script that ran the old Raspberry Pi mirror system that lived at downloads.raspberrypi.org
A custom ListView that its item view can been sliding left. Reference to the app Wechat which was released by Tencent Inc.
Helper scripts for UltimateFishbot
HorizonPE is a totally awesome and open source mod menu for minecraft Pocket Edition. It is under development for now
Open-source Memory game in Javascript.
this is front end project of css3 and html 5
DashTube extension for the DashClock lock screen widget
This is a file server that has an email user interface (EUI).  It uses IMAP and SMTP
A tool for watching changes in files. Written in coffee as a substitute for inotify, makes use of the fs.watch commands.
Generate an optimal rootfs hybridize list of files that should be symlinked to NFS mount and not required before NFS mount happens
GnuCash Python helper script to import transactions from QIF text files into GnuCash's own file format
A Ruby script that opens many programs at the same time. Used for when turning on my machine in the morning
Go library for working with ID3 tags in mp3 files.
Guadalinex v9 meta package with compiled version of firefox 24.2.0 32bits
An android tank game.
Go Web API Framework
Copy changed blocks from one file to another
Ruby tetris, with fancy graphics and sick jazz music.
Using jQuery to create a set of filters based on 6 Hat thinking and Oblique Strategies
Javascript Combo Box
Use yeoman to generate a handlebars helper that can easily be used with Assemble.
Quick Status Bar Menu on OS X that allows you to quickly paste code on @DHowett's ghostbin.com.
Crowdsourced treasure hunts using Google Maps and geolocation

A Pebble Application Development Kit for Drupal Websites.
Console tool written in Ruby to export Google Trends data
scripts like working with a sqlite database with PHP
A JavaScript library for Firefox OS application development, consisting of WAI-ARIA-driven accessible widgets, a lightweight app framework, and convenient utility functions.
A Chrome extension that allows you to study and take notes on a selected directory of bookmarks.
A Support System inspired by the Ember application
Grab a list of game prices from a website
2013 Scala workshop and 2014 Scala workshops (maintained by Robert White) at The University of Manchester
A repo to create simplified GeoJSON regions so we can display map-based visualisations without having to load tiles all over the place.

JavaScript Like Object Language Parser - Library to automatically translate JSLOL to C#.
Mdpress presentation going through fixes to the bookworm code base
A Free Cross-platform Multi-protocol VPN Software, developed by SoftEther VPN Project at University of Tsukuba, Japan.
A Finacial book android app for lazy people
Grunt task to merge multiple coveralls json files
caustic lets you build scrapers in JSON, and run them on an android device.
ProxyRouter acts as a proxy server to route requests from one domain to other yet isolating them to communicate directly. It is best suited for auditing and reporting purposes in an environment where many web apps communicating with each other
AngularJS module for working with browser local storage
Book library loan management (Czech).
Blog based on Light Framework
Go package for the Roomba Open Interface
Notes, instructions, and scripts for moving sunpig.com from Movable Type to Wordpress
keep vim settings add  shell script
Helper for launching applications while reinstall frequently.
Python library for the programmatic generation of markdown text
JSON RPC Server for Bridge Buddy - a Bridge Card Game Helper
The algorithm implementation in Golang
Game launcher that installs the game client by torrenting it. This allows for customization of what is being downloaded while still using a default well seeded torrent.
BFI Fast Integration PHP Framework
Script for handling Riverfly data from excel and then graphing
River of Life Prayer Guide
Source code for the WhoAmI series of posts
A Feature Rich set of tools to start you of on your new project.
A GPath based implementation to be used in the animation framework on Pebble (SDK2.0+)
Working on some future RedBeanPHP concepts
Dockerize the nginx development version
Spree Extension for handling pop-up in store
Confirming that async mocha tests written qunit style to run in proper order as long as they aren't nested.
Just a copy of the ITU-T STL2009 with a working build chain for (l)unix [make]
Thin wrapper around several RPM checker tools that proceeds the scans, reports issues in a common way and evaluate given RPM's quality.
Website created to support a national press advertising campaign in The Irish Times
A Mimosa 2.0 module for TypeScript compiling

Module impletementing the atkin and eratosthene sieves
Bower package for jQuery-Smart-Wizard

Dokuwiki template based on dokutwitterbootstrap from ryanwmoore 
An ack.vim alternative mimics Ctrl-Shift-F on Sublime Text 2
Vim syntax highlighting for pal calendar files.
Telosys Tools bundle (2.1.0 or newer) for Spring Data Rest generation (Support of HATEOAS)
An extended version of the scm.go Scheme Lisp interpreter in Go
Jenkins notification server
A soap service provider for Silex, based on the ZendSoap component from ZendFramework project.
Migration of public math site.
jQuery plugin which replace input[type=file] with divs based on input-names.
A dependency-free Object Schema library for Ruby
Responsive jQuery modal window script
An iOS app created using "iOS Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide"
Code for an Arduino to act as an animal chip reader reading 125/134.2 Khz RFID chips commonly used for animal identification.
TrueTime-HSF is an extended version of TrueTime which implements two level hierarchical scheduling. The original TrueTime is developed by department of automatic control at Lund University: http://www3.control.lth.se/truetime/
Protect your gems from prying eyes.
[Deprecated] Row-based multi-tenancy for SQLAlchemy
Fix Position is a jQuery Plugin that fixes an element in place after the screen is scrolled to a certain vertical point.
Minimalistic PHP framework
jQuery plugin for HTML Microdata
Strava API Tools & Dashboard
ThinkDiff S'kool website in rails 4
Timesheet and Expense tracking system for the web. Build with Python & Django. Interfaces to Saasu.
C Primitives Library
Seed project for single page Angular.js applications running on a Node.js/Express server.  Includes tests with jasmine-node on server and karma-jasmine on client.  Sample files can be overwritten or deleted - most exist simply for demonstration of the pro
A nodejs-based web-client for Media Player Daemon (MPD)
fluent interface for building web controls in c#

Connect to Modbus enabled smart meter using Python!
A Mimosa 2.0 module for Stylus compiling
Jquery website preloader
Build a local copy of a Flickr photoset
Calculate summary stats from Hudson's ms
Remove voicemail from the tapbar of MobilePhone.app of iOS 7 
Nights! Nights! Wordpress theme
sqlalchemy dialect adaptor for gevent to work in non-blocking mode
Java Client Library for Riak JSON (https://github.com/basho-labs/riak_json)

Various Yii 2 classes
This is a lightweight client written in Dart monitor coordinates in a Vivaldi system.
iOS Project for iPad, demonstrating how to edit UITableViewCells inline
RSS reader extension for google chrome
A Tic Tac Toe engine for games of any number of dimensions, players and grid size.
I could not find a function for optimizing a function that took a vector input and returned a scalar value in scipy.optimize, so I have attempted to create a class that does this.

Plugin library for the Flow collection.
Skookum School App
Typescript implementation without Visual Studio of http://www.photonstorm.com/phaser/advanced-phaser-and-typescript-projects
Modified version of the Vortex Box Deck that behaves more like an app!
Version 2.0 of SnagTag
Best seller's list
Dave Shinsel's robot projects
A framework for reading and writing large files in the RIFF format.
Forum/Community about hypermiling written in Python using Django.
https://kath.io/
Solar System written on HTML/CSS
An extension that hides components that can be triggered by a button
A Project to make MySQL data backup using Ruby on Rails
Coding Katas to be used @ Codemash
A PHP framework for accessing or testing a pump.io server
attempt to create a generic Http mock on browser side
Work to develop a group settings control workflow for University of Alaska System. The code is incomplete and need be completed. But there are some good examples on interaction with google group settings API.
Iteratively Fund Open Source Projects With Bitcoin
ArcGIS utility scripts
This repository contains scripts that are used by the maintainers of the library. Useful scripts and daemons.
Its a application in C# which helps to download an entire video series from the web given the link of a single video of the series.
HQ(historical quotes web client for yahoo finance API)
A JavaScript based application for University of Alaska Tuition Estimator, with an interface that is built to make the financial decision which part of coming the decision to go to school easy. Compare cost across various study plans and compare it with n
A Scala Wrapper for google-gson
Final project for ITP 380 - Video Game Programming.
Used to create Lua scripts, which can in turn create an element in The Powder Toy
An iOS home application for Arctic Region Supercomputing Center. This application was built in collaboration from Bob Torgerson. This was my first iOS application.
Merkle Trees for data replication in Erlang
A work in progress Chrome Extension to show contextual information as a popover when an article hyperlink is hovered over
Neo4J Bulk Data Insert Utilities
Python package for manipulating cave survey data
Open video in a pop-up
Tools to keep a git integration branch up to date
Free-D Unity is a open source project that is done for Woodbury University Digital Media Lab.
WP Bootstrap 3 theme for Julia Lorraine Photography
Demonstrates how objects were thought to orbit Earth back when the ancient Greeks believed that the Earth was the orbital center of all celestial bodies.
Reliable File System (college Operating System course exercise) - low level filesystem tier with fdisk, striping, ...
(Cpp) A homemade regex engine based on e-bnf syntax
R client library for the Adobe Analytics 1.4 API - the API is currently in beta. This package hasn't been extensively tested, so please get in touch with me if you're interested in using it.
I needed to create an AWS marketplace AMI at work, so the instances needed to get their authorized_keys set from the keypair specified to AWS.

General libraries for the D Programming Language
A Django class-based view utility library
A tool for extracting a unified language embedded in a .NET assembly.
Shell script en Bash para subir archivos(mayormente imagenes) a uploadpie.com desde la linea de comandos.
A reusable set of build and automation scripts to facilitate a best practices based development and release process for managed package development on the Salesforce1 Platform
Reusable app to protect access to project under development.
Game with Blocks based on libgdx gradle template
A Node.js module for validating and updating Webloc files.
Interface to LXC from node.js.
PeerShare is a P2P file sharing website using Javascript, jQuery and PeerJS
Find your Facebook friends with Google Maps
View all the CSP violations!
C++ Program
A set of client applications for issuing measurements to the RIPE Atlas network
AWS EBS Snapshot Backup Tool for Windows
C++ Program implementing complex number arithmetic
Wallmart Text Scraper with navigation support. List the products returned by Wallmart.com for a given search query
Zaphire framework is a framework which takes cues from other frameworks like Zend to create a family basis on which to build your high performace web applications.
A tool for deploying web applications using Docker

A Pac-Man program created for AP Computer Science
does implement as given here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Percentile_rank

Virtual Memory implementation in Pintos Operating System
an extranet application for ruby on rails
Tool for updating the GAC of a server from a client
Contains source code for web page templates
Beautiful JSDoc template for your Meteor packages.
A set of SolidWorks macros with UI, for quick creation of some standard primitives.
Star rating module for Elgg
create a processing element that is active only if consumers of results are subscribed to it
Give data packages some context because web and linked data
AT&T M2X C Library
Rename lots of files from rules
Saved C code
PHP Code kit
The new old tibia server
Java project I worked on for fun to cheat in the iPhone word game "Ruzzle." To run, run through the main class. Note: it may take a couple seconds for a window to pop up, just be patient :)
Cinch (codename) WordPress developer framework
An open source, survey-based matchmaking program
An advanced template for NodeJS projects.
early-dance prototype based on Zurb Foundation
Implementation of akka-persistence storage plugins for mongodb
systemd socket activation for PHP FastCGI
Java Implementation of high performance and DBMS-independent Sequence Generator introduced by Martin Fowler's book <patterns of enterprise application architecture>
A C# .NET client for managing mangas from mangaeden.com
Mobile phone repair tracking system
Android app that predicts the future
Apex library for interacting with the Tooling API
Web site for CS 460 at BYU
A Cocoa timer class for iOS and OS X offering a choice of behaviors, so you can use the right one.
Open vSwitch with my tweaks
create deployment timelines - api written in golang
a script to detect browser and device for mobile applications to enable responsive design
A boilerplate for WordPress custom post types
All purpose jQuery paralax movement script
C# Tetris Implementation 
Sample storage engine for MySQL
(Ember Only) A rich date time class with utilities
jQuery Mobile for Rails 3/4 Asset Pipeline

Helper plugin for adding member icon/badges next to username for members.
Tiled map engine using Rails, Javascript, and HTML5

An open source system for creating RDF from various source data such as spreadsheets and CSV files.  It is based around use of the Ruby ERB templating system.
Google V3 Geocoder Service Wrapper
An Node.js-based Open Sound Control (OSC) library for Flocking


Powered by the TransLoc API, this Android app provides directions and times for different modes of transport
FoLiA Linguistic Annotation Tool - Flat is a web-based linguistic annotation environment based around the FoLiA format (http://proycon.github.io/folia), a rich XML-based format for linguistic annotation. Flat allows users to view annotated FoLiA documents
A Myth integration plugin for Mimosa
BNS Body Classes WordPress Plugin
The popup multibox program I am writing for fun using C#
A plugin for importing raw SVG into the svg.coffee library 
Website for Explore California
This is an implementation of cat that will add colour highlights to supported types of source code.
A library for adding transformations to Java source code.
Tools in use during the development of the prototype 360 Giving Standard. Now archived. 
program to generate SGF properties from Specification file
Multi-timescale backup driver for duplicity
Subtitles Translation Helper
A badass Django project template
Rack Middleware that plugs into r509-ca-http and records the validity status of issued certificates to a Redis database.
The configuration backup and restore app allows an administrator to take a snapshot (archive file) of all configuration settings of the system, allowing easy restoration in the event data is lost.
Website powered by Javascript, .NET(Fleck and RavenDB) on server, for doing some crazy democracy
An application for posting and finding Laravel Bundles
Home Page
A utility that reminds your android app's users to review the app.  Port of iOS appirater with additional features for Android. 
Metadata Library for node.js

Grails JXL Plugin
SSL and SSH certificates used in development
A flocking simulation implemented using canvas and Javascript.

Dashboard with various profiling tools suitable for live servers
A LINQPad driver to perform queries againt Azure Table Storage.
An android application which can be used by teachers to take attendance of students , keep track of students , send a message to an absentee etc.,
Google App Engine website monitor based on https://code.google.com/p/cron-tab/
Scripts to make P4 CLI easier to use
Github pages repo 
Proyecto 3 de Graficas I
A rails app for managing flights (focused on gliding and on the situation in germany)
A tool managing configuration files across multiple boxen.

Extend, inherit and clone
Perl module implementing prime number tools in C++ with the Sieve of Eratosthenes.
the nurse rota generation software / jacop constraint programming  
A Scala Swing component that wraps javax.swing.JTree
An open-source application built on the Google App Engine
a very very light and tiny rack based web application framework
Dumps the content of an Artifactory Maven repo.
A HTML5 Canvas rewrite of the open source Project Starfighter game
Noodly Appendage Coin - Open Source Cryptocurrency

check the dbl and zen list for domains and ip's
iOS chiptune/module player
A copy of the mozilla.org PHP site.
The ALFA Core Rules, and associated tools for building and maintaining them.
a django-cms plugin portafolio
Provides a PHP Class to access Readmill API


Safari Extension extracting information from a Mantis issue and adds it to a GitHub issue
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
WordPress.org Plugin Mirror
Generic Disease Modelling System
Seth Ladd's excellent box2d intro migrated to a modular structure with requirejs.
CCcam server based on twin protocal
Clase para utilizar la pasarela de pagos redsys, sermepa.
A styleguide generator based on kss (https://github.com/kneath/kss), but built in node.js
Selecting tool using curses
Firefox extension to chase the memory usage and garbage collector activity
Navigate the web via your gamepad
A mailSender component
C++ implementation of Dirichlet Process Bayesian Clustering
Rails without the data loss.
A Yii ActiveRecord behavior to keep a backup of the loaded values for an ActiveRecord instance
Multiplayer, Leap Motion controlled, Dart game running in the browser
Zend Framework 1 Feed package
Zend Framework 1 Dojo package
Zend Framework 1 View package
Zend Framework 1 Cloud package
Zend Framework 1 Test package
Zend Framework 1 Service package
Zend Framework 1 Reflection package

.NET anti-managed debugger and anti-profiler code
An Etherpad Lite client for Java
ZOMG Memes! Realtime! Node.js! Kittehs! memecached is a community meme generator website/app written with Node.js. Meme publishing and consumption is realtime thanks to Now.js.
